---
title: Chapter 64
chapter_number: 00064
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Forging the Alloys**

The next morning, a sense of determined purpose hung in the air. The
initial shock of the attack had subsided, replaced by a focused resolve
to prepare for whatever the Directorate might throw at them next. While
Elara continued to strengthen the wards, a different kind of
fortification was taking place in the basement.

Tony had transformed his makeshift lab into a miniature forge. A small,
portable furnace glowed with intense heat, casting flickering shadows on
the walls. Various containers holding raw materials were scattered
across the workbench.

After his breakthrough with Jarvis, Tony knew he needed a wide variety
of materials to experiment with. He had spent the early morning making a
list, dividing it into two categories: mundane and magical. He first
approached the Millers and Evan.

"Mr. Miller, I need some... well, some specific types of metals," Tony
explained, spreading out a sheet of paper covered in scribbled notes and
diagrams. "Steel, obviously, but also copper, silver, maybe some nickel
if you can find it. And if you have any experience with metallurgy, any
advice would be appreciated."

Mr. Miller, though still visibly shaken by the attack, straightened up,
a glint of practical knowledge in his eyes. "Metals, eh? I can manage
that. I know a few places down by the docks that might have what you
need. And I've done a bit of welding in my time, so I might be able to
offer some pointers."

Tony then turned to Evan. "Dad, I need some high-grade silicon wafers,
some specific types of polymers if you can find them. And anything that
can handle extreme temperatures."

Evan, ever the tech expert, nodded. "Silicon wafers, got it. I have some
contacts in the electronics industry. Polymers might be trickier, but
I'll see what I can do. High-temperature materials... I might have some
ceramic composites lying around from a project I was working on."

With the mundane materials sorted, Tony approached his mother and Ms.
Elara. "Mom, Ms. Elara, I need some... well, more of those magical
ingredients," Tony said, feeling a little awkward. "You know, the stuff
that resonates with magic. But I also need some other stuff. Things that
might have different properties."

Ms. Elara, who had been listening to the conversation, nodded
understandingly. \"We can manage that. We already have powdered
moonstone, dragon scales, and unicorn hair. We can get more of those,
and I can think of a few other things that might be useful.\"

Lily, ever eager to help, added, \"I can help with the research part.
I\'ve been reading up on magical materials, and I think I know some
things that could be useful. For example, there\'s *Jobberknoll
feathers*. They're supposed to enhance magical conductivity, and
they\'re relatively common. Then there's *Dittany*, which has strong
restorative properties, and *Moly*, which is known for its protective
qualities against dark magic. Perhaps we could incorporate those as
well?\"

Ms. Elara considered this. \"Those are good suggestions, Lily. We can
also look for things like *Bezoars*, which are known to neutralize
poisons. And perhaps some *Fwooper feathers* as well, though they can be
a bit... noisy.\" She chuckled lightly. \"They\'re known for their
distinctive song, which can drive people mad if they listen to it for
too long. But in small quantities, they might offer some interesting
properties.\"

Tony listened intently, scribbling down the names of the new materials.
"Jobberknoll feathers, Dittany, Moly, Bezoars, Fwooper feathers... got
it," he muttered. "The more variety, the better. We need to see how
different materials interact with each other and with magic."

While the others set about gathering the materials, Eleanor sat quietly
in the living room, staring out the window. The attack had shaken her
deeply. The fear she had thought she had conquered had resurfaced,
threatening to consume her once more. But this time, something was
different. A spark of defiance had ignited within her. She was tired of
being afraid. She was tired of feeling helpless. She didn\'t want to go
back to being the person she was before, consumed by anxiety and fear.

She clenched her fists, a new resolve forming within her. She wouldn't
let fear control her anymore. She would take control of her own future.
She thought about Tony, always tinkering, always building, always trying
to find solutions. She had seen him in the basement, consumed by his
work, a spark of purpose in his eyes. She decided to go down and see if
she could help.

When she arrived in the basement, Lily was already there, checking on
Tony\'s progress.

"How's it coming, Tony?" his mother asked, peering over his shoulder at
the forge.

Eleanor's expression was a mixture of curiosity and concern. The attack
had clearly affected her, but she was also intrigued by Tony\'s work.

"It's... complicated," Tony admitted, gesturing to the materials on the
workbench. "I'm trying to make these materials resonate with magic," he
explained. "Like how a tuning fork vibrates when you strike another one
of the same pitch. I'm hoping that by combining these materials, they'll
become more receptive to magical energy." He paused, looking at Eleanor.
\"I\'m not sure how to make that happen, though. Any ideas?\"

Eleanor considered this for a moment, tapping her chin thoughtfully.
While she was thinking, Tony, impatient to try something, placed a batch
of steel and dragon scale into the crucible. Closing his eyes, he
focused his magical energy, visualizing the intense heat he needed. The
flames in the forge roared to life, rising far beyond their normal
intensity, the crucible glowing white-hot. He carefully sprinkled in the
powdered moonstone.

*(Jarvis, monitor the mixture.)* Tony instructed mentally, his voice
strained with concentration as he focused on maintaining the magically
enhanced temperature of the forge.

*(Monitoring, Sir. The fusion process is proceeding, but there is no
detectable interaction with ambient magic beyond the thermal effects.)*

Tony poured the molten alloy into a mold and allowed it to cool. Once it
had solidified, he examined the resulting material. *(Jarvis,
analysis.)* he thought.

*(Analyzing, Sir. The alloy retains the structural integrity of the
steel, with minor alterations due to the integration of the dragon
scale. However, there is no detectable change in its interaction with
ambient magic. The resonant frequency remains significantly different
from magical materials.)*

Tony sighed in frustration, tossing the cooled alloy onto the workbench.
"Just like the first *arc reactor*," he muttered to himself. "It
*worked*, but it was *killing me*. It was incompatible with my own
biology." He remembered the constant struggle, the near-constant feeling
of being poisoned, the desperate search for a stable alternative. He
remembered the breakthrough, the moment when he finally understood how
to synthesize a new element. "It wasn't just about throwing elements
together. It was about finding the right *combination*, the right
*structure*, the right way to make them *work together* to create a
stable and *compatible* power source."

Eleanor, who had been watching him intently, finally spoke. "What if...
what if we directed magic *into* the metal while it's fusing?" she
suggested. "Like... to help the magic become part of it?"

Tony's eyes lit up. "That's... that's actually a really good idea." He
explained what he was trying to achieve. "See, materials are made of
tiny particles called molecules, and those molecules are arranged in
specific patterns, kind of like tiny building blocks. Those patterns are
called crystal structures. I think if we introduce magic while those
structures are forming, it might actually become part of the structure
itself, making it resonate with magical energy."

He placed another batch of steel and dragon scale into the crucible,
heating them once more. As the metal began to melt under the magically
enhanced heat, Eleanor stepped closer, focusing her intent. She closed
her eyes, visualizing a collection of tiny, shimmering sparks of magical
energy, converging on the molten metal in the crucible. She visualized
these sparks infusing the metal, permeating its very structure.

*(Jarvis, monitor the mixture.)* Tony instructed mentally, his voice
strained with concentration as he focused on maintaining the magically
enhanced temperature of the forge.

*(Monitoring, Sir. The fusion process is now significantly enhanced. I
am detecting a substantial influx of ambient magic being drawn into the
mixture. The resonant frequency of the alloy is now rapidly approaching
the resonant frequency of magical materials.)*

Tony continued to maintain the intense heat, his brow furrowed in
concentration. The molten metal shimmered, pulsating with a faint light
under the combined influence of Tony's magically enhanced flames and
Eleanor\'s directed magical energy.

*(Sir, the resonant frequency of the alloy is now virtually identical to
that of the dragon scale, and it is actively drawing in ambient magic,)*
Jarvis reported.

Tony carefully poured the molten alloy into a mold and allowed it to
cool. Once it had solidified, he examined the resulting material. It was
a dark, metallic substance with a faint shimmer. *(Jarvis, analysis.)*
he thought.

*(Analyzing, Sir. The alloy is exhibiting a resonant frequency virtually
identical to that of the dragon scale, and it is actively drawing in
ambient magic.)*

A slow smile spread across Tony's face. He looked at Eleanor and his
mother, a proud gleam in his eyes. "I think we did it."
