---
title: Chapter 49
chapter_number: 00049
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Refining Control**

The late afternoon sun slanted through the branches of the oak tree,
casting long shadows across the Miller\'s backyard. The air was still
and warm, the perfect temperature for an outdoor practice session. Tony
and Eleanor sat on their usual picnic blanket, the Magical Journal open
between them. Today's focus: refining control.

*"A crucial aspect of magical development," Jarvis observed within
Tony's mind. "Precision and control are essential for safe and effective
manipulation of magical energies."*

Eleanor held her hand out, and a small flame, about the size of a grape,
materialized in her palm. It burned steadily, without flickering or
wavering. She then slowly increased the size of the flame, making it
grow to the size of a tennis ball before shrinking it back down again.

"See?" she said, her voice filled with quiet satisfaction. "I can
control it now. It's like... turning a dial."

*"Excellent control over the intensity of the exothermic reaction,"
Jarvis noted. "Her analogy of a dial is an effective way to
conceptualize the regulation of energy output."*

Tony watched, impressed, then closed his eyes and tried his own
visualization exercise. He pictured the tiny sparks of energy in his
hand, just as he had been doing for the past few weeks, but this time,
he tried something different. He thought back to his life before, to the
complex machinery of his Iron Man suits. He remembered the arc reactor,
the source of limitless energy that powered everything.

*"A significant shift in visualization strategy," Jarvis observed.
"Accessing previously suppressed memories of advanced technology.
Interesting."*

Tony imagined the magic inside him not as scattered sparks, but as a
concentrated core of energy, like the arc reactor in his chest. He
visualized the energy flowing outwards from this core, through conduits
and pathways, just like the energy in his suits flowed through the
repulsors and other systems.

*"The analogy to the arc reactor provides a more structured and coherent
framework for energy manipulation," Jarvis commented. "The concept of
directed energy flow through conduits is particularly relevant."*

He imagined setting up the energy flow, just like he would configure the
repulsor beams or the uni-beam. He imagined fine-tuning the output,
controlling the intensity and direction of the energy with precise
mental commands.

As he focused, he felt a strange sensation in his hand, a tingling
warmth that was different from the normal warmth of his skin. It was
more... intense, more focused.

*"Thermal energy detected," Jarvis announced, his voice filled with a
hint of anticipation. "A significant increase in energy output. Proceed
with caution, Sir."*

Tony slowly opened his eyes, and to his astonishment, a small flicker of
flame appeared in his palm. It was tiny, barely visible, but it was
there. He quickly focused again, visualizing the energy flow, and the
flame grew slightly larger, becoming a small, steady flame, just like
Eleanor's.

"I... I did it," Tony whispered, his voice filled with awe.

Eleanor gasped, her eyes widening. "You did it!" she exclaimed, a huge
smile spreading across her face. "You finally did it!"

*"Confirmation of pyrokinesis," Jarvis stated. "Excellent work, Sir.
Your adaptation of previous technological concepts has proven to be
highly effective."*

Tony focused on the flame, trying to control its size and intensity,
just as Eleanor had done. He imagined turning the "dial" of the energy
flow, increasing and decreasing the output. The flame flickered slightly
at first, then stabilized, responding to his mental commands.

"I can control it," he said, his voice filled with wonder. "I can
actually control it."

*"Fine control over the exothermic reaction is now being demonstrated,"
Jarvis observed. "A rapid advancement in your abilities, Sir."*

They spent the rest of the afternoon practicing, refining their control
over their magical effects. Eleanor worked on making the flames dance
and change color, while Tony focused on making objects move more
smoothly and precisely with his telekinesis, using the same
visualization technique he had used for the flame. He imagined the
energy flowing from his core, through invisible conduits, to the object
he wanted to move, controlling its trajectory and speed with precise
mental commands.

He managed to make a small twig spin in the air, then move in a straight
line, then follow a complex, looping path. He even managed to make it
hover perfectly still in mid-air, a feat he had never been able to
accomplish before.

*"Significant improvement in telekinetic control," Jarvis noted. "The
application of the arc reactor analogy has proven to be effective across
multiple magical disciplines. This suggests a fundamental principle of
energy manipulation has been grasped."*

As the sun began to set, casting long shadows across the yard, they
packed up their things, a sense of accomplishment filling the air.

"That was amazing," Eleanor said, her eyes shining with excitement. "You
finally figured it out."

Tony grinned, feeling a sense of satisfaction he hadn't felt in a long
time. "Yeah," he said. "I guess I did."

*"A highly productive session," Jarvis concluded. "Significant progress
has been made in both pyrokinesis and telekinesis. The application of
the arc reactor analogy has unlocked a crucial understanding of energy
manipulation. This methodology has the potential to be applied to other
magical disciplines as well."*

Later that evening, back in his room, Tony couldn\'t contain his
excitement. He closed his door, making sure he was alone, and then sat
down on his bed, eager to try out his new visualization technique again.

*"A prudent measure, Sir," Jarvis commented. "Practicing in a controlled
environment is always advisable."*

He closed his eyes, visualizing the arc reactor in his chest, the core
of energy pulsing with power. He imagined the energy flowing outwards,
through the conduits, and then... he tried to direct it, to shape it,
not into a flame this time, but into a beam of pure energy, like the
repulsor beams from his suits.

He focused intently, picturing the energy converging into a narrow beam,
extending outwards from his hand. He felt the familiar tingling
sensation, but this time it was stronger, more intense. Suddenly, a
bright flash of light erupted from his hand, followed by a loud *POP*
and the smell of burnt popcorn.

Tony opened his eyes, startled. He looked at his hand, then at the wall
opposite his bed. There was a small, circular scorch mark on the wall,
right above his bookshelf.

*"Sir!" Jarvis exclaimed, his voice laced with exasperation. "Perhaps a
more measured approach would be advisable! You have just inflicted
structural damage to your domicile!"*

Tony stared at the scorch mark, then back at his hand. He couldn't help
but chuckle. "Oops," he said.

*"'Oops' is hardly an adequate assessment of the situation, Sir," Jarvis
retorted. "You have just demonstrated the potential for significant
collateral damage. We must refine your control before attempting such...
ambitious maneuvers again."*

Tony shook his head, still chuckling. "I guess I got a little carried
away," he admitted. "But... it worked! I actually created a beam of
energy!"

*"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis conceded. "The energy projection was successful,
albeit... somewhat uncontrolled. We must now focus on precision and
containment. Perhaps starting with smaller, less... destructive
demonstrations would be prudent."*

Tony sighed, but he couldn't wipe the grin off his face. He had finally
done it. He had finally found a way to connect to the magic, to control
it. And even though he had accidentally scorched his wall, he knew that
this was just the beginning.
