---
title: Chapter 1
chapter_number: 00001
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

### **Chapter 1: The Snap**

*The battlefield was a cacophony of chaos---explosions tore through the
remnants of the Avengers' compound, and the skies raged with fire and
ash. The Mad Titan Thanos stood amidst it all, a towering figure of
destruction, his eyes burning with cold determination. Around him,
Earth's mightiest heroes fought with everything they had, but the tide
of battle was not in their favor.*

"Avengers! Assemble!" Steve Rogers roared, his voice cutting through the
chaos like a rallying cry, as he wielded Mj√∂lnir with masterful
precision. Lightning cracked and danced around him, illuminating the
battleground in blinding flashes as he faced off against Thanos'
lieutenants.

Tony Stark, battered and bruised in his nanotech armor, surveyed the
scene from above. The HUD in his helmet was a blur of warnings and red
alerts. He winced as his suit recalibrated around his injuries, the
nanobots sluggish from the relentless onslaught. *This is it, isn\'t
it?* he thought, a grim certainty settling in his stomach. *This is the
end game.*

"Friday," Tony grunted, dodging a massive blast of energy aimed his way,
"status update. How screwed are we?"

"Severely, boss," Friday replied, her Irish lilt tinged with urgency.
"The gauntlet is still in Thanos' possession, and the energy output from
the Stones is destabilizing the battlefield. Current odds of success---"

"Yeah, yeah, don't tell me. I hate bad news." Tony's jets flared as he
dove toward the action, his repulsors blasting through a line of
Chitauri soldiers that had cornered Hawkeye.

"About time, Stark!" Clint shouted, his quiver nearly empty as he took
out another enemy with his last arrow. "What kept you?"

"Traffic," Tony shot back, landing beside him. He extended a hand,
summoning a nanotech blade that formed instantly. "Let's clear the
field, Legolas."

Across the battlefield, Thor and Captain Marvel fought back-to-back.
Thor spun Stormbreaker, deflecting a blow meant for Captain Marvel, who
in turn, unleashed a photon blast that scorched the ground where
Thanos\'s foot had just been. Each Avenger fought with a ferocity born
of desperation, knowing this could be the end.

"Thor, on your right!" Carol Danvers called out, deflecting a blow from
Thanos' war hammer with a shield of golden energy. Thor turned, spinning
Stormbreaker in a deadly arc that cleaved through the attacking
creatures.

"Ha! Well struck, Danvers!" Thor bellowed, his voice carrying over the
din. He grinned despite the blood trickling down his temple. "We shall
make a fine team in Valhalla!"

Carol smirked. "You're not dying today, Thor. Not on my watch."

Despite her bravado, the tide of enemies was relentless. For every wave
they cut down, another seemed to rise.

Meanwhile, in the rubble of the compound, Peter Parker was darting
between the crumbling structures, his web-shooters working overtime to
ensnare as many enemies as possible.

"Mr. Stark!" he shouted into his communicator, swinging over a
collapsing wall. "I've got civilians trapped under the west wing! I---"

"On it, kid," Tony interrupted, his voice crackling through Peter's
earpiece. "Stay clear of the big guy. That's an order." *Just keep him
safe,* Tony thought, a pang of worry twisting in his gut.

"But---"

"Peter," Tony said, softer now. "Trust me."

Peter hesitated, then nodded, even though Tony couldn't see him. "Okay,
Mr. Stark. I'll handle the others."

Tony exhaled, his focus sharpening as he zeroed in on Thanos. *This has
to work.*

The Titan was advancing, his movements deliberate, his gaze fixed on the
fallen Infinity Gauntlet lying just ahead. The Avengers fought to keep
him at bay, but even their combined efforts couldn't stop him from
closing the distance.

Tony landed in front of Thanos, his armor reforging itself into a
towering shield as he braced for impact.

"Hey, Grimace!" he called out, his voice laced with defiance. "Remember
me? The guy who wrecked your ride in space?"

Thanos' lips curled into a sneer. "You are but an insect, Stark."

"Yeah, but I'm the kind that bites back." With a flick of his wrist,
Tony unleashed a barrage of micro-missiles, forcing Thanos to block.

Behind him, Steve and Natasha rushed forward. "Tony, keep him
distracted!" Steve shouted, his shield colliding with Thanos' armor with
a resounding clang. Natasha ducked under the Titan's swing, planting a
series of electrified discs on his gauntlet.

As the battle raged on, Thor found himself face-to-face with Tony,
bloodied but still standing.

"Stark," Thor said, his voice heavy with exhaustion. "This creature will
not fall by brute strength alone."

Tony nodded grimly. "That's why we have brains." His eyes flicked to the
gauntlet. *For Morgan. For Pepper. For everyone.* It was now or never.

"Cover me," Tony said. "I have an idea."

Thor gripped Stormbreaker tightly. "Aye. Just don't take too long."

Tony's plan was desperate. He darted through the chaos, weaving between
blasts of energy and rubble as he closed in on the gauntlet. His suit
surged, the nanobots forming a clawed attachment on his arm as he
reached for it.

Thanos noticed too late.

With a cry of effort, Tony tore the gauntlet away, the Stones embedding
themselves into his suit as the nanotech adapted to contain their
immense power. The energy surged through him, a searing pain unlike
anything he'd ever experienced.

"Tony!" Pepper's voice broke through the comms. She had been fighting
her own battle nearby, her Rescue suit now streaked with soot and blood.
"What are you doing?"

"Fixing things," Tony replied, his voice calm despite the agony
beginning to seep into his frame. He turned toward her, his faceplate
lifting. "Take care of her, Pep. Tell Morgan I love her 3000."

Pepper's breath hitched. "No, Tony, please... don\'t you dare---"

But it was too late. Tony turned back to Thanos, his hand raised.

"I am... Iron Man."

The snap echoed like thunder, and a blinding wave of energy swept across
the battlefield.

The aftermath was silent.

As the dust settled, Thanos' army dissolved into nothingness, their
leader slumping to the ground in defeat. The Avengers gathered around
Tony, their faces etched with grief as they realized the cost of their
victory.

Peter knelt beside him, tears streaming down his face. "Mr. Stark...
please, you can't---"

Tony's gaze softened as he looked at the boy. "Hey, kid," he whispered,
his voice barely audible. "You're gonna be okay. You're strong,
remember?"

Peter choked back a sob, nodding.

Pepper joined them, kneeling by Tony's side. Tears streamed down her
face as she took his hand. \"We\'ll take care of her, Tony. I promise.\"

Tony's lips curved into a faint smile. "Love you, Pep."

And with that, his eyes closed.

To be continued...
