---
title: Chapter 10
chapter_number: 10
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# Chapter 10: First Steps on Stage (1986) 

The day after Ms. Johnson's big announcement, the kindergarten classroom
held a different kind of energy. The usual free-for-all of play had been
replaced by a focused anticipation. Ms. Johnson, clipboard in hand and a
hopeful glint in her eye, stood before the class, near the small,
decorated Christmas tree that sat perched on a table, a silent observer
of the unfolding pre-Christmas excitement.

"Alright, everyone," she announced, her voice filled with enthusiasm.
"Today we're going to have our very first rehearsal for the Christmas
play! Let's see how our story comes to life."

A chorus of eager hands had shot up into the air during the casting the
previous day. Sarah, predictably, had been practically levitating with
enthusiasm, and Billy, though more reserved, had also shown a spark of
excitement. Tony, standing slightly apart from the crowd, observed the
scene with quiet curiosity.

He thought back to the casting. He had watched the children's faces,
noticing the excitement in Sarah's eyes when she was chosen as an angel
and the quiet pride on Billy's face when he was picked to be a shepherd.
He was beginning to understand that this play wasn't just about reciting
lines; it was about the shared experience, the feeling of belonging, and
the joy of creating something together.

*It's... interesting,* Tony thought, a small smile playing on his lips.
*They're expressing themselves. It's not just a play.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a note of approval in his
tone. "I'm pleased to see you are considering the emotional context."

*Yeah, J. I'm trying,* Tony thought back, shrugging slightly. *It's...
different.*

"Indeed, Sir. Different, but valuable," Jarvis replied.

Ms. Johnson held up a simplified version of the Nativity story,
illustrated with colorful drawings. "Okay, everyone," she began, her
voice warm and encouraging. "Let's start by reading through the story
together. Tony, since you're our narrator, would you like to begin?"

Tony nodded, accepting the script. He scanned the text, quickly
memorizing the first few lines. He noticed the simple language, designed
for young children, but he also recognized the underlying emotional core
of the story: hope, wonder, and the joy of new beginnings. He felt a
flicker of something akin to nostalgia, a faint echo of the emotions he
had felt during past performances, in a life that felt a world away.

He began to read, his voice clear and articulate, though he consciously
modulated his tone to avoid sounding too... academic. He wanted to
convey the story's essence without overwhelming his classmates. "In the
town of Bethlehem, long ago..." he began, his voice taking on a slightly
more storytelling tone. He paused at the end of each sentence, giving
the other children time to follow along in their own scripts.

As they progressed through the story, the children began to act out
their parts. Sarah, as the angel, bounced on her toes with excitement,
her hands clasped together as if she were already holding a heavenly
trumpet. Billy, as the shepherd, shuffled nervously from one foot to the
other, occasionally glancing at Ms. Johnson for reassurance.

During the scene where the angel announces the birth of Jesus to the
shepherds, Sarah, as the angel, kept forgetting her line: "Fear not, for
behold, I bring you tidings of great joy!" Instead, she stumbled over
the word "tidings," sometimes replacing it with other words entirely.

"Fear not, for behold, I bring you... tidings of great... tomatoes!" she
exclaimed, giggling.

Ms. Johnson chuckled good-naturedly. "It's okay, Sarah," she said. "Just
take your time. Let's try it again."

Tony, observing Sarah's frustration, approached her gently. "Perhaps,"
he suggested, "if you think of 'tidings' as meaning 'good news,' it
might be easier to remember."

Sarah tilted her head, considering this. "Good news... like getting a
present?"

"Exactly," Tony said. "So, you're bringing the shepherds the good news
of Jesus's birth."

Sarah's face lit up. "Fear not, for behold, I bring you good news of
great joy!" she proclaimed, this time getting the line almost perfect.

"That's much better, Sarah!" Ms. Johnson praised.

Billy, still struggling with his blocking, kept wandering away from the
designated "field" area of the stage, sometimes getting dangerously
close to the Christmas tree. During one rehearsal, he almost knocked it
over while attempting to "herd" an imaginary flock of sheep.

Tony, witnessing the near-disaster, quickly improvised. As Billy
stumbled back towards the center of the "stage," Tony, as the narrator,
ad-libbed, "And the shepherds, so eager to hear the angel's message,
wandered far and wide across the fields, their sheep scattering in all
directions."

The other children giggled, and Ms. Johnson gave Tony an appreciative
smile. "That was very clever, Tony," she whispered. "You handled that
beautifully."

*It wasn't exactly planned,* Tony thought to himself, a small smile
playing on his lips. *But it seemed to work.* He was starting to
understand that sometimes, in situations like this, improvisation was
more effective than strict adherence to the script. He also realized
that it was more important to support his classmates and make them feel
comfortable than to focus on perfect execution.

"Sir," Jarvis commented, a hint of amusement in his tone. "You are
demonstrating a remarkable aptitude for adapting to unforeseen
circumstances. This is a valuable skill, both in theatrical productions
and in life."

*Yeah, J. I guess so,* Tony thought back. He was starting to find that
he actually enjoyed helping the other children, and he was beginning to
feel a sense of connection to them. It wasn't just about the play
anymore; it was about the shared experience, the laughter, and the sense
of camaraderie. He felt a warmth spread through his chest, a feeling he
hadn\'t experienced in a long time. It was a pleasant sensation, a
reminder that he was not just a mind, but a person, capable of feeling
and connecting with others. He was starting to realize that maybe, just
maybe, this second chance at childhood wasn't such a bad thing after
all.

Ms. Johnson clapped her hands. "Alright, everyone, let's take a short
break," she announced. "We'll continue working on the play after
recess."

As the children scattered, Tony found himself surrounded by Sarah and
Billy.

"You're really good at this, Tony," Sarah said, her eyes shining with
admiration. "You always know what to say."

"Yeah," Billy agreed, nodding enthusiastically. "You're like a real
storyteller."

Tony felt a blush creep up his neck. He wasn't used to receiving
compliments, especially not about his... social skills.

"It's nothing," he mumbled, shrugging slightly. "I'm just... helping
out."

But deep down, he knew it was more than that. He was starting to care
about these children, and he wanted them to succeed. He wanted them to
have a good time. And he was starting to realize that helping them
achieve that was just as rewarding as any scientific breakthrough.
