---
title: Chapter 55
chapter_number: 00055
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Full Bloom**

The basement of the Evans\' house was a realm of half-finished projects,
forgotten toys, and the faint, ever-present scent of sawdust. It was
Tony's domain, a place where he could tinker and experiment without fear
of judgment (or, mostly, without fear of judgment---his mom had strong
feelings about the tidiness of the house).

*"Optimal conditions for experimentation, Sir," Jarvis observed, as Tony
surveyed his domain. "Although the ambient humidity is slightly
elevated."*

"Thanks, Jarvis," Tony thought back, rummaging through a box of
discarded electronics. "Always a pleasure to have your meteorological
updates."

He was on a mission. After Jarvis's earlier warning about the strange
magical influence, Tony had decided to take matters into his own hands.
He needed a way to detect whatever was out there, and he had a theory.
He'd remembered from... well, from before, that certain energies could
interact with electromagnetic fields. He wasn't sure if magic worked the
same way, but it was a starting point.

His first hurdle was acquiring the necessary components. Being eight
years old limited his access to high-tech equipment. He had managed to
salvage some wires from an old lamp, a few transistors from a broken
radio, and a galvanometer from a science kit he had received for his
birthday. But he was missing a crucial component: a large coil of wire.

"Jarvis, do you have any suggestions for acquiring a suitable coil?"
Tony thought, frustrated.

*"A transformer from a discarded appliance might suffice, Sir," Jarvis
suggested. "Perhaps a microwave oven or a television set."*

"A microwave?" Tony thought, raising an eyebrow. "That's a bit drastic,
don't you think?"

*"Necessity is the mother of invention, Sir," Jarvis replied dryly.
"Just try not to get caught by your mother. I suspect she would not
appreciate the impromptu dismantling of household appliances."*

The thought of dismantling the family microwave was quickly dismissed.
He knew his mother, Lily, would not be amused. Instead, he decided to
try his luck with his father, Evan, who had a habit of hoarding various
odds and ends in the garage.

He found Evan tinkering with his old motorcycle, grease smeared on his
hands and a pair of goggles perched on his forehead.

"Hey, Dad," Tony said, approaching cautiously. "Do you happen to have
any... you know... coils of wire lying around?"

Evan looked up, a grin spreading across his face. "Coils of wire, huh?
What are you building, a Tesla coil?"

"Something like that," Tony mumbled, not wanting to get into the
specifics.

Evan chuckled. "Well, let's see what I've got." He led Tony to a corner
of the garage piled high with boxes and tools. After some digging, he
emerged triumphantly, holding a large spool of copper wire. "This should
do the trick," he said, handing it to Tony. "Just don't blow up the
house, okay?"

"I'll try my best," Tony replied, grinning.

Back in the basement, Tony set to work. He carefully wound the copper
wire around a cardboard tube, creating a makeshift coil. He then
connected the coil to the other components, following a diagram he had
sketched in his notebook. After a few hours of tinkering, the device was
complete: a small wooden box with a needle gauge and a few blinking
LEDs.

*"The device appears to be functional, Sir," Jarvis observed.*

"Let's hope so," Tony thought, taking a deep breath. "Time for the
test."

He called Eleanor over, explaining that he was testing a new invention.
He didn\'t tell her what it was supposed to do, not wanting to raise any
false hopes.

"Okay, Eleanor," Tony said, positioning the device on a workbench.
"Just... you know... do your thing."

Eleanor nodded, concentrating. She focused on a small object on the
workbench, willing it to move. As she did, the needle on the
galvanometer twitched erratically, the LEDs flickering wildly. But there
was no consistent pattern, no measurable change in the EMF.

*"Fascinating," Jarvis observed. "The device is clearly experiencing
interference, but there is no detectable change in the electromagnetic
field itself."*

"It's not working," Tony thought, disappointment creeping into his
voice.

*"On the contrary, Sir," Jarvis replied. "It appears your hypothesis
was... incomplete. Magic is not directly affecting the electromagnetic
field. However, it is clearly disrupting the device's functionality."*

Tony stared at the device, a sudden realization dawning on him. "It's
not about detecting magic directly," he thought. "It's about detecting
its *effects* on technology."

*"A most astute observation, Sir," Jarvis confirmed. "This presents a
new avenue of inquiry."*

A few months passed, bringing them to late 1988. The leaves had turned
vibrant shades of red and gold, and a crispness had returned to the air.
Eleanor had blossomed. The shadows that had once clung to her had
receded, replaced by a radiant confidence and joy.

A school autumn festival was in full swing. Children laughed and played,
their parents chatting amongst themselves. The air was filled with the
smell of popcorn and hot cider. Eleanor stood near a booth, her face lit
up with a wide smile as she talked animatedly with a group of friends.

Tony watched her from a short distance, a quiet pride swelling in his
chest. He had seen her come so far, overcome so much. She was truly
thriving.

*"Her emotional and magical balance appears to be fully restored,"
Jarvis observed. "The positive changes are remarkable."*

"She's amazing, Jarvis," Tony thought, his gaze fixed on Eleanor.

*"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis responded. "Your support has been instrumental in
her recovery."*

Unbeknownst to Tony and Eleanor, Silas was also observing the scene,
though from a much greater distance. He sat in his car, parked several
blocks away, using a powerful telescope to keep them in view. He had
already sent a detailed report of his findings to Thorne.

*"Subjects T and E are observed at a public gathering," Silas noted in
his logbook. "Subject E is exhibiting normal social behavior, engaging
with peers. Subject T is maintaining a protective presence."*

In a secluded, dimly lit office miles away, Thorne sat behind a large
oak desk, the only light source a single desk lamp that cast long,
ominous shadows across the room. He reviewed Silas's latest report, the
photographs of the magical energy manifestations spread out before him.
These weren\'t just any photographs; they were high-resolution images,
enhanced and analyzed by the advanced equipment Silas was using, clearly
showing the distortions in light and energy surrounding the children.

But it wasn\'t just Silas\'s report that lay on the desk. There was a
thicker file, bearing the discreet logo of a research organization known
only as \"The Directorate.\" This was a shadowy group, operating outside
the bounds of conventional science and government oversight, conducting
research into areas deemed too sensitive or dangerous for public
disclosure. Thorne had shared Silas\'s previous observations with The
Directorate, seeking their expertise and resources.

Their reply was terse and to the point. *"Confirmed. Anomalous energy
signatures consistent with previously documented instances of...
potential. Acquisition of subjects T and E is authorized. Proceed with
extreme caution. Containment is paramount."*

The word \"potential\" was underlined twice. Thorne knew what that
meant. The Directorate wasn\'t just interested in studying the children;
they saw them as assets, as weapons.

Thorne's lips curled into a thin, grim smile. He had his orders. The
Directorate had confirmed what he suspected. The children possessed
abilities far beyond anything he had imagined.

He gathered the reports, placing them neatly back into the file.
"Prepare the operation," Thorne said into a hidden intercom, his voice
cold and resolute. "We move next week. Designate the operation: Full
Bloom."

Back at the festival, the sun began to set, casting long shadows across
the school grounds. Tony and Eleanor walked home together, their
laughter echoing in the crisp evening air. A sense of peace and
happiness settled over them. But in the shadows, the wheels of a
dangerous plan were already in motion. Tony, still preoccupied with his
research, had begun sketching new designs, based on the malfunctions he
had observed. The erratic flickering of the LEDs, the sudden jumps of
the needle -- these were not failures, he realized. They were clues. And
he was determined to decipher them.
