---
title: Chapter 62
chapter_number: 00062
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Aftermath and Regrouping**

The living room was a scene of chaos. Overturned furniture lay scattered
across the floor, shattered glass crunched underfoot, and scorch marks
marred the once-pristine walls. The lingering scent of ozone and burnt
magic hung heavy in the air, a testament to the brief but violent clash.
Everyone was shaken, their faces pale and drawn, but thankfully, no one
had sustained any serious injuries. A thick tension permeated the air, a
mix of relief at having survived the attack and the gnawing dread of
what was to come.

Lily and Elara were already meticulously assessing the damage to the
wards. Elara ran her hand along a shimmering, almost invisible ripple in
the air, her brow furrowed in concentration. "They hit the *Protego
Maxima* hard," she said, her voice tight. "The *Confringo* nearly
breached it. It held, but the enchantment is weakened. It won't
withstand another assault like that, especially not from multiple
attackers." She cast a quick *Reparo* on a small crack in the wall, but
her expression remained grave.

"Tony's devices definitely threw them off," Lily added, glancing at the
scorch marks on the floor where one of the attackers had attempted to
cast a binding spell. The carpet was singed, and a small section of the
wooden floor was blackened. "They weren't expecting that kind of
interference. It completely disrupted their spellwork."

Down in the basement, Tony was already back at work, his brow furrowed
in concentration. He was soldering wires and adjusting circuits with
practiced precision, his movements quick and efficient. The air was
thick with the smell of solder and ozone.

*"Sir, a post-mortem analysis of the magical energy signatures detected
during the attack indicates a high degree of instability," Jarvis
reported. "Your modifications to the EMP device appear to have been
effective in disrupting the flow of magic, causing significant
fluctuations in the magical field. This is most likely the reason why
one of the attacker\'s binding spell backfired."*

"Good," Tony muttered, not looking up from his work. He was carefully
examining a small circuit board, using a magnifying glass to inspect the
delicate connections. "But it was too close. They'll be back, and
they'll be better prepared. We can't rely on a single defensive
measure." He paused, a thoughtful expression on his face. "We need a
contingency plan. Something... in case they manage to get through."

He began sketching diagrams on a nearby whiteboard, outlining a small,
palm-sized device. He then began to work on a small circuit board,
carefully placing tiny components onto its surface.

"Jarvis, I need you to develop a design for a small, easily concealable
device that can transmit a signal on a specific frequency," Tony
instructed. "Something that can penetrate magical dampening fields, at
least for a short range. It needs to be small enough to be hidden on our
person, even if they search us."

*"Analyzing potential frequencies, Sir. A frequency in the low radio
wave spectrum, modulated with a specific burst pattern, should be
effective. I can design a device capable of transmitting such a signal,
powered by a small but high-capacity energy cell. I will then provide
you with the design and fabrication instructions."*

"Perfect," Tony said, continuing to solder components onto the circuit
board. A brief look of wistfulness crossed his face. "Remember when you
could just fabricate this stuff yourself, Jarvis? With the automated
tools back at the lab? Those were the days."

*"Indeed, Sir. Those were... simpler times. The limitations of my
current form present certain... logistical challenges. My ability to
interact with the physical world is severely restricted."*

Tony chuckled lightly. "Tell me about it. But we make do with what we
have, right?" He began to integrate the magical components into the
device, carefully weaving the unicorn hair and dragon heartstring into
the intricate circuitry, following Jarvis's instructions.

Upstairs, Lily gathered everyone in the living room. The Millers were
still visibly shaken, their faces pale, their hands trembling slightly.
Evan, however, seemed to have processed the information with surprising
speed, his expression now one of grim determination.

"So," he said, his voice surprisingly calm, "these... Scourers...
they're like... dark wizards?"

Lily nodded. "Essentially, yes. They work for a clandestine organization
within the Muggle government called the Directorate. They're after Tony
and Eleanor."

"Because of... the magic?" Mrs. Miller asked, her voice trembling.

Lily nodded again. "I'm so sorry I didn't tell you sooner. I was trying
to protect you, but..."

"We understand," Mr. Miller said, placing a reassuring hand on his
wife's shoulder. "We're just glad you're all safe." He looked at Lily,
his expression serious. "What happens now?"

Meanwhile, miles away, in a dimly lit office, Silas stood before Thorne,
his face etched with frustration and embarrassment. The office was
sparsely furnished, with only a large oak desk, a few chairs, and a
single window overlooking the city.

"They had wards," Silas said, his voice tight. "Strong ones. And... some
kind of technology. It interfered with our magic. It was...
disorienting. Like trying to cast a spell in a thunderstorm."

Thorne listened intently, his brow furrowed. This was unexpected. He
paced back and forth behind his desk, his hands clasped behind his back.
"Technology?" he repeated. "What kind of technology?"

"I don't know," Silas admitted. "Some kind of device... it disrupted our
spells. One of them even caused a binding spell to backfire. It was...
embarrassing."

Thorne stopped pacing and fixed Silas with a cold stare. "Embarrassing
is an understatement, Silas. You failed to capture two untrained
children who didn\'t even have wands."

Thorne immediately contacted the Directorate using a secure, magically
encrypted communication channel. He described the failed attack,
carefully choosing his words to emphasize the unexpected combination of
magic and technology. He described the erratic energy field emanating
from Tony's devices, how it caused spells to fizzle, backfire, and
become unpredictable.

"This changes things," a cold, disembodied voice responded from the
other end. "The boy... Tony... he's more valuable than we initially
thought. His ability to combine magic and technology... it's
unprecedented. It could be... a powerful weapon."

"Indeed," Thorne replied, a gleam in his eye. He saw an opportunity to
increase his standing within the Directorate and, more importantly, his
personal wealth. "Which means my compensation should reflect that
increased value."

There was a brief pause. "Very well, Thorne. We will increase your
payment by fifty percent for the successful capture of both subjects.
But we expect results. This is not to happen again. We will also provide
you with additional resources, if necessary."

Thorne smirked. Fifty percent? That was more than he had hoped for. This
was going to be a very profitable venture. He turned back to Silas, his
expression now cold and calculating.

"Gather the others," Thorne instructed. "We're going to need a more...
comprehensive approach. We will not fail again."
