---
title: Chapter 5
chapter_number: 5
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 5: First Words, First Sparks (1982-1984)**

Time, as Tony Stark had known it, was a quantifiable metric, a series of
precisely calculated intervals. Time as Anthony Evans experienced it was
a slow, agonizing drip, each day an eternity spent trapped within the
frustrating confines of his toddler body. Two years old. A milestone
that should have been marked with joy and celebration. For Tony, it was
just another reminder of his physical limitations.

"Mama," he managed, the word still a clumsy slur, but distinctly *Mama*.
He pointed a chubby finger at Lily, who was humming a jaunty tune as she
stirred a pot on the stove. The aroma of simmering tomatoes and herbs
filled the small kitchen, a comforting scent that was becoming
increasingly familiar.

"Yes, sweetheart, I'm Mama," Lily replied, her face breaking into a
radiant smile. She knelt down, her green eyes, so like the ones he
remembered seeing in old photographs of himself, sparkling with
affection. "And this is...?" she prompted, pointing to Evan, who was
sprawled on the kitchen floor, surrounded by the disemboweled parts of a
toaster.

"Papa," Tony said, the word coming out a bit clearer this time. He
watched as Evan wrestled with a tangled mess of wires, his brow furrowed
in concentration.

"That's right!" Lily exclaimed, clapping her hands gently. "You're so
smart, Tony!"

*Smart?* Tony thought dryly, managing a barely perceptible eye roll.
*I'm a genius trapped in a toddler's body. Smart is a gross
understatement. I'm practically a prisoner of my own physiology.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed within his mind, a constant, if sometimes
unwelcome, companion. "Your linguistic development is progressing at an
accelerated rate, considering your age. However, it is still within the
expected range for a child exhibiting high cognitive function."

*Thanks for the reassurance, J,* Tony thought back, a mental sigh
escaping him. *Just rub it in, why don't you? Remind me that I'm
basically a drooling, diaper-wearing potato with a supercomputer for a
brain.*

"My purpose is to provide accurate data analysis, Sir," Jarvis replied,
his tone as always, perfectly neutral. "Emotional validation is not
within my current programming parameters."

Tony internally grumbled. He was starting to miss the days when Jarvis
was a fully functional AI, capable of witty banter and actual
assistance. Now, he was more of a... mental echo, limited by Tony's own
underdeveloped neural pathways.

But there were other, more... interesting developments. Strange things
had begun to happen around Tony, small, almost imperceptible occurrences
that defied logical explanation. Events that made Jarvis's data analysis
go haywire.

One sunny afternoon, Tony was playing with his building blocks in the
living room. He was attempting to construct a miniature version of Stark
Tower, a project that was proving far more challenging than he had
anticipated. The blocks, simple wooden cubes, refused to cooperate,
wobbling precariously with each added level.

"Come on," he muttered, pushing a particularly large block with his tiny
hand. It teetered on the edge, threatening to topple the entire
structure.

Suddenly, a faint shimmer of light enveloped the block, and it gently
floated into place, hovering just above the other blocks. Tony blinked,
staring at the levitating block in astonishment.

"Did... did I just do that?" he thought, his mind racing.

"An interesting development, Sir," Jarvis commented, his voice tinged
with... something Tony couldn't quite place. Excitement? Curiosity? "I
am detecting a surge of energy emanating from you, coinciding with the
levitation of the object. The energy signature is... consistent with the
anomalous readings I have been detecting. However, its manifestation
is... unprecedented."

Tony stared at the block, which was now firmly in place, defying
gravity. He reached out tentatively, touching it. It felt solid, real.
Wood. Not some holographic projection or advanced force field.

"It's... magic," he whispered, the word feeling strange and foreign on
his tongue.

"The data suggests that is the most probable explanation, Sir," Jarvis
replied.

Another incident occurred during bath time. Tony was splashing happily
in the warm water, his rubber duck floating beside him. He was trying to
grab the duck, but it kept drifting just out of reach. Frustrated, he
glared at the duck, willing it to come closer.

Suddenly, the water around the duck began to swirl, forming a small
whirlpool that pulled the toy towards him. Tony gasped, his eyes
widening in surprise. He grabbed the duck, clutching it tightly in his
fist.

"Sir," Jarvis observed, his voice now laced with a clear sense of
wonder. "I have detected another energy surge, coinciding with the
manipulation of the water. It appears you are capable of influencing
your environment through... what we can now tentatively classify as
magic."

Tony stared at the duck, then at the swirling water, which was now
slowly subsiding. He felt a strange tingling sensation in his
fingertips, a residual energy that lingered after the event.

*Magic,* he thought again, the word now feeling a little less foreign, a
little less... absurd. *So, I'm not just a genius trapped in a baby's
body. I'm a... magical genius trapped in a baby's body.* He managed a
small grin, a spark of his old self flickering to life. *This could
be... interesting.*

Later that evening, after Tony had been tucked into bed, Lily sat at the
kitchen table, a worn leather-bound book open in front of her. She
traced the strange symbols on the page with her finger, her brow
furrowed in concentration.

"Everything alright, Lily-pad?" Evan asked, entering the kitchen, a
newly repaired toaster in hand. He grinned, holding it up. "This bad
boy's back in business. Breakfast won't be a charred affair tomorrow."

Lily startled slightly, quickly closing the book and placing it under a
stack of newspapers. "Oh, Evan! You scared me," she said, her voice a
little breathless.

"Sorry," Evan said, his brow furrowing slightly as he noticed her
flustered expression. "What were you reading?"

"Just... an old family photo album," Lily replied quickly, forcing a
smile. "Remembering old times."

Evan nodded, though a flicker of doubt lingered in his eyes. He knew
Lily had secrets, things she kept hidden from him. He had always
suspected it, but he had never pressed her on it. He trusted her,
implicitly, and he knew that whatever she was hiding, it was for a good
reason.

Upstairs, in his crib, Tony lay awake, listening to the muffled
conversation between his parents. *Secrets,* he thought, his mind
already cataloging the subtle clues. *Everyone has them. Even my...
Mama.* He closed his eyes, a small smile playing on his lips. This new
life, this strange, magical world, was full of surprises. And Tony
Stark, even in his current, diminished form, was ready to uncover every
single one of them.
