---
title: Chapter 11
chapter_number: 11
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 11: Cardboard Castles and Angel Wings (1986)**

The kindergarten classroom was a whirlwind of creative chaos. Glitter
dusted every surface, cardboard boxes lay scattered like building
blocks, and the air buzzed with excited chatter and the mingled scents
of glue, paint, and the faint, comforting aroma of pine needles from the
small Christmas tree perched precariously on a nearby table.

Ms. Johnson, a beacon of boundless energy, surveyed the scene with a
wide, encouraging smile. "Alright, everyone! Let's bring our Nativity
scene to life!"

Sarah, already sporting a constellation of glitter across her freckled
nose and cheeks, bounced on the balls of her feet, her eyes sparkling
with excitement. "I want to make my wings extra sparkly!" she declared,
grabbing another generous handful of iridescent glitter from a nearby
container.

Billy, carefully holding a long, slightly crooked stick, furrowed his
brow in concentration. "How do I make it look like a real shepherd's
crook?" he asked, his voice laced with concern.

Tony, observing the organized chaos, found his attention drawn to the
flimsy cardboard walls of the makeshift stable. They wobbled
precariously, threatening to collapse under the slightest pressure.
*Structurally unsound,* he thought, recalling the meticulous designs he
had overseen in his previous life. *One enthusiastic shepherd, and this
whole thing collapses.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a hint of amusement.
"Contemplating reinforcing a kindergarten stable with carbon nanotubes?"

*Not quite, J,* Tony thought back, a small smile playing on his lips.
*But a few strategic supports wouldn't hurt. It's a good opportunity to
demonstrate some basic principles, even if the audience isn't aware of
them.*

He approached Ms. Johnson, who was struggling to attach a large sheet of
dark blue construction paper, intended to represent the night sky, to
the wall. The paper drooped precariously, threatening to tear. "Ms.
Johnson," he offered, "perhaps I could assist with the backdrop?"

Ms. Johnson, her hands sticky with glue, sighed with relief. "Oh, Tony,
that would be wonderful!" she exclaimed. "I can't seem to get this to
stay up."

Tony examined the situation. "The adhesive isn't distributing the weight
effectively," he explained, pointing to the drooping paper. "We need to
increase the surface area of contact." He gestured to a roll of wide,
clear tape. "If we use this, and create a reinforced border, it will
provide much more support."

As he worked alongside Ms. Johnson, carefully taping the edges of the
paper to the wall, a memory flickered in his mind.

*He remembered a small hand, covered in paint, reaching up to touch his
face, leaving a vibrant streak of crimson across his cheek. "Daddy,
look! I made a rainbow!" a young voice had giggled. He had looked down
at Morgan, her face beaming with pride, her bright eyes sparkling, a
smear of red paint across her cheek mirroring the one on his. He had
smiled, gently wiping the paint away with his thumb. "It's beautiful,
sweet pea," he had said, his voice filled with love.*

The memory brought a pang of longing, a bittersweet reminder of a life
irrevocably lost. He blinked, refocusing on the present, on the small
hand reaching out to help him smooth the tape. It was Sarah, her face
beaming with excitement.

"You're really good at this, Tony!" she exclaimed. "You're like a
superhero builder!"

"It's just... basic engineering," Tony mumbled, a faint blush creeping
up his neck.

He then turned his attention to the stable. He gathered some larger
cardboard boxes and, using his innate understanding of structural
design, began constructing a more robust and stable structure. He showed
Billy and a few other children how to reinforce the walls with extra
cardboard and how to create a sturdy roof using overlapping pieces,
explaining the principles of weight distribution and support in simple
terms they could understand.

As he worked, another memory surfaced, triggered by the smell of sawdust
from some scraps of wood Ms. Johnson had brought in for the manger.

*He remembered kneeling beside Morgan in the backyard, holding a small
wooden plank. "Okay, sweet pea, now we need to measure this piece," he
had explained, showing her how to use the ruler. She had wrinkled her
nose in concentration, her tongue peeking out from the corner of her
mouth as she carefully marked the wood with a pencil. When the birdhouse
was finished, she had jumped up and down with joy, her face glowing.
\"The birdies will love it, Daddy!\" she had exclaimed.*

The memory brought a wave of longing, mixed with a sense of quiet peace.
The lessons he'd taught Morgan, the love they'd shared, still echoed
within him.

He smiled at Billy, who was struggling to attach a piece of cardboard to
the roof, the piece bending under its own weight. "Here, Billy," he said
gently, taking the cardboard and showing him how to create a fold for
added rigidity. "Like this, it will be much stronger. See? It
distributes the weight more evenly."

As the children worked on the set, Ms. Johnson helped with costumes.
Sarah's angel wings, now shimmering with copious amounts of glitter,
caught the classroom lights, creating tiny rainbows on the walls.
Billy's shepherd's crook, though still slightly crooked, looked
surprisingly authentic, adorned with bits of brown yarn that Tony had
helped him secure.

Tony found himself helping Sarah attach her wings, carefully ensuring
they were securely fastened to her back. As he adjusted the thin elastic
straps, another memory surfaced, this one more poignant than the others.

*He remembered helping Morgan with her Halloween costume, a princess
dress with delicate lace sleeves. She had insisted on wearing a tiara
that was slightly too big, and he had spent a frustrating hour trying to
secure it to her head without pulling her hair. He had been so careful
not to tear the fragile fabric of the dress, his fingers moving with
practiced precision as he fastened the tiny, pearl-like buttons. He
remembered her twirling in front of the mirror, her eyes sparkling with
pure joy, completely lost in her princess fantasy.*

The memory brought a warmth to his chest, a poignant reminder of the
love he had given, and now, in a different way, was giving again.

"Thank you, Tony," Sarah said, beaming at him, pulling him back to the
present. "You're the best!"

Tony felt a genuine smile spread across his face. "You're welcome,
Sarah."

As the day drew to a close, the kindergarten classroom was a testament
to their collective efforts. The stage was set, the costumes nearly
complete, and the children buzzed with excitement for the upcoming
performance.

"Sir," Jarvis commented, sounding almost proud. "You've made a
significant contribution. And I observe these activities continue to
have a positive impact on your emotional state."

*Yeah, J. I think you're right,* Tony thought, a genuine smile playing
on his lips. He looked around the room, at the children's smiling faces,
at the makeshift set, at the glittery angel wings drying on the table.
It wasn't perfect, it wasn't efficient, and it certainly wasn't
scientifically rigorous. But it was... good. It was a shared creation, a
testament to their collective imagination and enthusiasm. And Tony felt
a sense of belonging, a sense of connection, that he hadn't felt in a
very long time. It was a feeling he'd missed more than he'd ever
admitted.
