---
title: Chapter 61
chapter_number: 00061
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Tuesday at 3:17**

The minutes ticked by with agonizing slowness. Inside the Miller
household, a tense quiet reigned. Eleanor sat huddled on the sofa, her
eyes wide with a mixture of fear and grim acceptance. Mr. and Mrs.
Miller sat beside her, their faces etched with worry, trying to offer
comfort they themselves didn't feel. Mrs. Miller wrung her hands, her
voice trembling. "I'm so relieved we sent Ethan and Emily to stay with
Aunt Carol. I couldn't bear it if they were here..." Mr. Miller put a
comforting arm around her. Evan paced nervously, glancing at his watch
every few seconds.

Upstairs, Elara Blackwood, a witch with an air of quiet authority, moved
with practiced grace, her wand of ebony and dragon heartstring tracing
intricate patterns in the air. *"Protego Maxima,"* she murmured, her
voice resonating with power. *"Repello Muggletum. Cave Inimicum."*
Shimmering, almost invisible strands of magic wove themselves into a
protective barrier around the house. The air thrummed with barely
perceptible energy.

Down in the basement, Tony worked feverishly, his face illuminated by
the glow of computer screens and the flickering light of a soldering
iron. He had spent the last few hours modifying his devices,
incorporating elements he had learned from his mother about wand
construction and magical channeling. He had managed to acquire small
amounts of unicorn hair and dragon heartstring -- materials similar to
those used in wand cores---and had integrated them into his taser and a
small EMP device, hoping to create a bridge between technology and
magic. He carefully wrapped thin strands of dragon heartstring around
key components of the EMP device\'s circuitry, intertwining them with
the unicorn hair. By weaving these materials into the circuitry and
using a special alloy he had developed, he was able to create a
localized field that disrupted the flow of magic, causing spells to
fizzle or backfire. Because of the limited time, he had not been able to
fully test his systems.

*"Sir, the integration of organic magical components into purely
technological devices is highly unorthodox," Jarvis observed. "The
potential for unpredictable interactions is significant. The EMP device
is particularly unstable, its range is significantly shorter than normal
due to the magical components and its power output is erratic."*

"I know, Jarvis," Tony muttered, his brow furrowed in concentration.
"But we're out of options. We need every advantage we can get." He
paused, a flicker of a memory crossing his face. "I've been in
situations like this before... trapped, outnumbered... they think they
can just take what they want." He shook his head slightly, pushing the
memory away. "They can't. Not without a fight."

*"Logic dictates a controlled testing environment before deployment,"
Jarvis continued. "However, I acknowledge the constraints of the present
circumstances. The changes you have made to the EMP device, while
unorthodox, has created a unique field that causes magical energy to
become unstable and unpredictable. It is similar to the effects caused
by raw untamed magic, which is why it is so unpredictable."*

"Just keep monitoring everything," Tony said. "Alert me to any
fluctuations in the energy flow. And Jarvis?"

*"Yes, Sir?"*

"If things go south... prioritize Eleanor's safety. No matter what."

*"Of course, Sir. That is always my primary directive."*

Meanwhile, a few blocks away, Silas watched the Miller house through a
pair of magically enhanced binoculars. He smirked. "Looks like the usual
Tuesday night gathering," he muttered to his partner, a hulking Scourer
named Kael. "Evans and the Millers, just like always. This will be
easier than taking candy from a baby."

Kael grunted in response, adjusting his dark robes.

Upstairs in the Miller house, Lily gathered Evan and the Millers in the
living room. She took a deep breath, knowing this was the moment of
truth.

"There's something you need to know," she began, her voice steady but
laced with emotion. "Something I should have told you a long time ago.
What's happening... what's been happening... it's not just about people
following us. It's about magic. Real magic."

She explained everything, from the existence of the wizarding world and
the Statute of Secrecy to the Directorate and their interest in Tony and
Eleanor. She explained about the Scourers, the dark wizards who were
hunting them.

Evan stared at her, his face a mixture of shock and disbelief. Mr. and
Mrs. Miller exchanged stunned glances.

"Magic...?" Evan whispered, his voice barely audible.

"I know it's a lot to take in," Lily said, her voice softening. "But
it's the truth. And it's important you understand, so you can protect
yourselves." She explained the wards Elara was putting in place and how
Tony's devices would work in conjunction with them.

Evan, despite the shock, quickly shifted to a protective stance. "What
can we do?" he asked, his voice firm.

"We have these," Mr. Miller said, producing two handguns from a drawer.
"We know how to use them."

Lily nodded grimly. "That might help. But these people... they use
magic. It's not like anything you've ever seen."

The clock in the living room struck three. A heavy silence descended.
Everyone held their breath.

At precisely 3:17 PM, the lights flickered violently. Tony's screens in
the basement erupted in a cacophony of warnings.

*"Alert, Sir! Multiple anomalous energy signatures detected approaching
the perimeter! Rapid fluctuations in the electromagnetic field! The
wards are under attack!" Jarvis reported.*

Silas and Kael approached the house, Silas confidently striding forward.
"*Alohomora!*" he incanted, aiming his wand at the front door lock. But
instead of clicking open, the lock remained stubbornly sealed. A ripple
of energy pulsed outwards from the house, throwing Silas back a few
steps.

"What the...?" he muttered, his confidence faltering.

Upstairs, the air shimmered and distorted as unseen forces slammed
against the magical barrier. *"Confringo!"* a voice shouted from
outside. A jet of red light slammed into the ward, causing it to ripple
violently.

"They're here!" Elara shouted, drawing her wand.

The front door exploded inward with a shower of splintered wood. Silas
and Kael strode into the living room, wands raised. Their faces were
masked, their eyes cold and determined.

Tony burst into the living room from the basement, his hands holding the
modified taser, which crackled with unstable energy. He fired the taser
at Kael. The magical energy combined with the electrical charge struck
the Scourer, and as Kael tried to cast a shield spell, *"Protego!"*, the
magical field from the taser interfered with the spell, causing it to
fizzle and dissipate prematurely. Kael staggered back, momentarily
stunned and confused.

Elara unleashed a barrage of spells. *"Stupefy! Impedimenta!
Expelliarmus!"* Jets of red, white, and disarming light shot from her
wand, forcing Silas to take cover behind an overturned armchair. Lily
joined the fray, casting protective spells at the Millers and Evan.
*"Protego! Protego Horribilis!"* Shimmering shields sprang up,
deflecting incoming curses. Mr. Miller and Evan, positioned
strategically, fired their handguns at the intruders. The bullets were
mostly deflected by the magic, but they served as a further distraction.

Silas, realizing they were facing more than just Muggles, snarled in
frustration. "Witches... and technology?" he muttered. This was not how
it was supposed to go. He could feel the wards pressing against his own
magic, and the erratic energy from the devices was disrupting his focus.

Kael, recovering from the taser blast, attempted to cast a binding
spell, *"Incarcerous!"*, but as he spoke the incantation, Tony activated
the EMP device. The room filled with a high-pitched whine, and the
magical energy around Kael fluctuated wildly, causing the binding spell
to backfire, wrapping him in his own magical ropes.

Silas, seeing Kael entangled and realizing they were facing unexpected
and coordinated resistance from both magic and technology, made a quick
decision. This operation had gone south quickly. This wasn\'t a simple
snatch and grab anymore. He needed to report this back to the
Directorate.

"Fall back!" Silas yelled to Kael, who was still struggling with the
magical ropes. With a flick of his wand, Silas vanished in a swirl of
dark smoke, disapparating. Kael, still bound, managed to disapparate
with a loud crack, leaving behind only the lingering scent of ozone and
burnt magic.

The room fell silent, the only sound the heavy breathing of those
present. The air still crackled with residual magical energy. The
furniture was overturned, the front door a gaping hole.

The battle was over, for now. But the war had just begun.
