---
title: Chapter 33
chapter_number: 33
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 33: Echoes of the Past**

The setting sun cast long shadows across the Evans' driveway, painting
the garage door in hues of orange and purple. Inside, the air was thick
with the scent of motor oil and sawdust. Evan, wearing a pair of
grease-stained overalls, was hunched over a partially disassembled
lawnmower engine, a look of focused concentration on his face. Beside
him, Tony, his own clothes miraculously free of any grime, held a small
wrench, turning a bolt with precise movements.

"You know," Tony commented, his voice dry, "this model's carburetor
design is fundamentally flawed. A simple modification to the airflow
intake would significantly improve its efficiency."

Evan chuckled, wiping a smudge of grease from his cheek with the back of
his hand. "Always the engineer, aren't you, Tony?"

*"It's a genetic predisposition, sir," Jarvis interjected helpfully in
Tony's mind. "A highly advantageous one, I might add."*

*"Try not to inflate his ego any further, Jarvis," Tony thought back
dryly.*

"Well," Evan continued, "I appreciate the input, but I'm just trying to
get this thing running again before the neighbors complain about the
overgrown grass."

Tony nodded, tightening the bolt. "A pragmatic approach," he conceded.
"Though a long-term solution would be preferable."

As Evan worked on the engine, Tony subtly practiced his magic. He
focused his intent on a small pile of nuts and bolts on the workbench,
willing them to rearrange themselves into a simple pattern. With a
slight flicker of his eyes and a barely perceptible clenching of his
fist, the nuts and bolts began to shift, forming a neat square.

*"Subtle, sir," Jarvis observed. "Very discreet. Your control is
improving."*

*"It's still inefficient," Tony thought back, frowning slightly. "I can
feel the strain. I need a more... refined method."*

*"Patience, sir," Jarvis advised. "These things take time."*

The garage door opened, and Lily stepped inside, her nose wrinkling
slightly at the smell. "Evan, dinner's almost ready," she said, her
voice warm but firm. "And Tony, please wash your hands before you come
to the table."

Tony quickly dispersed the arrangement of nuts and bolts with another
subtle gesture, returning them to their original pile. "Of course,
Mother," he replied, putting down the wrench.

The family moved inside, the warm, comforting aroma of roasted chicken
filling the house. It was Sunday evening, a time for family dinners and
quiet conversations. Tony sat at the dining table, across from his
parents, Lily and Evan. The atmosphere was relaxed and cheerful, a stark
contrast to the sterile, high-tech environments he was accustomed to in
his previous life. He found a strange comfort in the simple routine of
it all.

"So, Tony," Evan began, carving a piece of chicken. "Anything
interesting happen at school this week?"

Tony considered the question. "Mr. Riley is focusing on fractions," he
replied, taking a bite of his mashed potatoes. "I find the concept
rather... elementary."

Lily chuckled. "Well, you're only in second grade, honey. You'll get to
more complex math soon enough."

*"Indeed," Jarvis commented in Tony's mind. "Though I suspect you could
probably teach the entire school calculus if you so desired."*

*"Let's not give them any ideas, Jarvis," Tony thought back dryly.*

The conversation flowed easily, touching on various topics: Evan's work
at the local engineering firm, Lily's volunteer work at the community
center, and the upcoming school science fair. Tony participated
politely, offering occasional dry observations or insightful comments.
He enjoyed these moments with his parents. They were good people, loving
and supportive, and he felt a genuine affection for them.

After dinner, as Lily cleared the table, Tony lingered in the kitchen.
He had been formulating a plan for some time, a way to subtly probe Lily
about her past without arousing suspicion. He knew there was something
she was hiding, something connected to the strange abilities he was
beginning to understand.

"Mom," Tony began casually, watching as Lily rinsed the dishes. "Have
you ever heard any... interesting stories about our family? You know,
old legends or anything like that?"

Lily paused, her hands still in the soapy water. A flicker of something
-- hesitation, yes, but also a flash of concern -- crossed her face
before she turned to him, a gentle smile on her lips. "What kind of
stories are you thinking of, honey?"

"I don't know," Tony shrugged, feigning nonchalance. "Just... anything
unusual. You know, like... stories about people who were... different."

Lily dried her hands on a towel and leaned against the counter, her
expression thoughtful. "Well," she began slowly, "there are some old
family tales... whispers, really. About distant relatives who were... a
bit eccentric. One great-great-aunt, I think it was, was said to have
a... remarkable green thumb. She could make anything grow, even in the
dead of winter."

*"A rather common trait among magically inclined individuals," Jarvis
commented.*

Tony filed the information away. "Anything else?" he asked, trying to
keep his voice casual.

Lily hesitated again, her gaze drifting towards the window. "There's a
story about another relative," she continued softly, "who was said to
have... unusual luck. Things just... always seemed to work out for her.
No matter how bad the odds."

*"Probability manipulation, perhaps?" Jarvis suggested.*

"And there was a story about a great-uncle who was said to have... seen
things others couldn't," Lily finished, her voice barely above a
whisper.

Tony's interest was piqued. "Seen things?" he repeated. "What kind of
things?"

Lily shook her head slightly, a faint sadness in her eyes. "Old wives'
tales, mostly," she said, dismissing the stories with a wave of her
hand. "Nothing to take seriously."

*"On the contrary," Jarvis interjected, "these anecdotes are highly
suggestive. The ability to influence plant growth, manipulate
probability, perceive things beyond normal human senses... these are all
hallmarks of magical ability."*

*"Indeed," Tony thought, his mind racing. He needed more information.*

"Mom," Tony persisted, "did these... relatives ever talk about these
things? Did they ever explain how they could do these things?"

Lily's expression became more serious, her eyes searching his with a
concerned look. She placed a hand on Tony's shoulder, her gaze searching
his. "Tony," she said gently, her voice laced with worry, "why are you
asking about these stories all of a sudden?" She paused, then asked
carefully, "Have you... have you experienced anything... unusual lately?
Anything you can't explain?"

Tony froze for a moment, his mind racing. He had to be careful. He
couldn't reveal too much, not yet. "No, Mom," he said, forcing a casual
tone. "I was just... curious. I was reading a book about folklore, and
it made me think about our family history."

Lily's gaze remained fixed on him, her eyes filled with a mixture of
concern and suspicion. She seemed to be searching his face for any sign
of deception. "Tony," she said softly, "if there's anything... anything
at all that you're worried about, or if you've seen or experienced
anything that's... different, you can tell me. You know that, right?"

Tony gave her a reassuring smile, trying to mask his nervousness. "Of
course, Mom," he said. "There's nothing to worry about."

Lily continued to look at him for a moment longer, her expression still
slightly troubled. Then, she sighed and gave his shoulder a gentle
squeeze. "Okay, honey," she said. "But please... if anything changes,
you promise you'll tell me?"

"I promise," Tony replied, his voice sincere.

Lily's expression softened slightly, and she gave him a small,
reassuring smile. "Good," she said. "Now, how about some dessert?"

Tony nodded, the conversation ending there. He knew he hadn\'t gotten
much concrete information, but he had learned one very important thing:
his mother was hiding something, and it was connected to his family's
past. And he was determined to find out what it was.
