---
title: Chapter 20
chapter_number: 20
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 20: The Breaking Point**

The air in the house was heavy, thick with a silence that felt more
oppressive than any shouting. The storm from the night before had
passed, leaving behind a damp, grey morning. But inside, the storm still
raged. Eleanor could feel it, a constant thrumming in her chest, a knot
of dread in her stomach. The scent of stale cigarette smoke clung to the
air, a constant reminder of Mr. Harrigan\'s presence, even when he
wasn\'t physically near.

She moved through the house like a ghost, performing her chores with
mechanical precision. Dusting the already spotless furniture, sweeping
the already clean floors, polishing the already gleaming silverware.
Each task was a small, repetitive action, a way to distract herself from
the growing unease inside her. The other children, Kevin and the other
two, were unusually quiet as well. They kept to themselves, playing in
their room with hushed whispers, as if afraid to disturb the fragile
balance of the house. Even their usual, albeit limited, playful banter
was gone.

Mrs. Harrigan moved with a tight, controlled anger, her lips pressed
into a thin line, her eyes narrowed. She snapped at Eleanor for the
smallest things -- a misplaced spoon, a speck of dust she'd missed, the
way she held her hands. Each reprimand was like a small pinprick, adding
to the growing pressure inside Eleanor. Mr. Harrigan was even more
silent than usual. He sat in his armchair, staring out the window, his
face grim, a half-empty glass of amber liquid on the table beside him.
He didn't even acknowledge Eleanor's presence, as if she were invisible.
But Eleanor could feel his eyes on her, a cold, assessing gaze that made
her skin crawl.

The tension built throughout the day, like a balloon being slowly
inflated, stretched to its breaking point. Eleanor felt like she was
holding her breath, waiting for the inevitable pop.

It happened in the late afternoon. Eleanor was in the kitchen, washing
the dishes from a meager lunch of leftover stew. The other children were
outside, playing in the backyard, their distant shouts and laughter a
stark contrast to the oppressive silence inside. The sound of their joy
felt like a betrayal, a reminder of what Eleanor was missing.

Mrs. Harrigan stormed into the kitchen, her face flushed with anger, a
crumpled piece of paper clutched in her fist. Eleanor flinched, dropping
a plate into the sink. It didn't break, but the clatter echoed loudly in
the quiet house.

"What was that?" Mrs. Harrigan snapped, her voice sharp.

Eleanor's hands trembled as she picked up the plate. "I... I'm sorry,"
she stammered, her voice small and shaky.

Mrs. Harrigan glared at her, her eyes filled with a cold fury that made
Eleanor's blood run cold. "You're always so clumsy," she hissed. "You're
good for nothing. Just like your mother."

The last sentence struck Eleanor like a physical blow. It was a cruel
jab at a wound that never fully healed. She felt tears prickling her
eyes, but she blinked them back, knowing that crying would only make
things worse.

Then, Mr. Harrigan entered the kitchen, drawn by the raised voices. He
didn\'t say anything, but his presence filled the small room, making it
feel even smaller, even more suffocating. He smelled of stale tobacco
and something else, something sharp and acrid that made Eleanor\'s
stomach churn. He looked at Eleanor with a look of pure disgust.

What happened next was a blur of fear and confusion. Eleanor remembered
Mrs. Harrigan's voice rising, her words becoming harsher, more cruel,
laced with personal insults and bitter accusations. She remembered Mr.
Harrigan's hand, large and rough, grabbing her arm, his grip tightening
painfully, his fingers digging into her small bones. She remembered
being pushed, stumbling backward, hitting her head against the edge of
the counter. A sharp pain shot through her head, and then everything
went black.

When Eleanor regained consciousness, she was lying on the cold, hard
floor of her room. Her head throbbed with a dull ache, and a sticky
warmth spread across the back of her head. She reached back and touched
it gingerly. Her fingers came away stained with blood.

She lay there for a long time, her body numb, her mind reeling. She
didn\'t know how long she'd been unconscious. The house was quiet now.
The other children were gone, probably sent to their rooms. She could
hear the faint murmur of Mr. and Mrs. Harrigan's voices downstairs, but
she couldn't make out what they were saying.

She managed to pull herself up and crawl onto her bed. She clutched her
doll tightly, pressing it against her chest, as if it could somehow
protect her from the pain. But nothing could fill the emptiness inside
her, the gaping hole that had been torn open by what had just happened.
She felt utterly alone, lost in a sea of fear and confusion. She didn\'t
understand why this kept happening to her. Why was she always the one
who ended up hiding, always the one who was left feeling broken?

She stayed on the bed for a long time, until the house grew even quieter
and the only sound was the soft ticking of the clock downstairs. She
didn\'t know what would happen next, but she knew one thing for sure:
nothing would ever be the same.
