---
title: Chapter 19
chapter_number: 19
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 19: The Gathering Storm**

The house was too clean. Eleanor had noticed it the moment she'd
arrived. Everything was in its place, polished and gleaming, as if no
one actually lived there. The furniture was stiff and uncomfortable,
covered in plastic slipcovers that crackled with every movement. The air
smelled of lemon disinfectant and nothing else -- no hint of baking
bread, no lingering scent of perfume, just the sharp, sterile smell of
cleanliness. It was a smell that made her nose wrinkle and her stomach
feel tight.

Her room was small and bare, with pale yellow walls and a single window
overlooking a patch of dry, brown grass. A narrow bed, a small dresser,
and a plain wooden chair were the only furnishings. There were no
pictures on the walls, no rugs on the floor, no toys or books on the
shelves. It felt less like a bedroom and more like a storage closet, a
place to be kept, not lived in.

A typical day for Eleanor was long and monotonous. Before the first hint
of sunrise, she was expected to be up, dressed in the same plain,
hand-me-down clothes she wore every day, and downstairs, ready to begin
her chores. Mrs. Harrigan, her foster mother, was a woman of strict
routine. Every task had its allotted time, every action its prescribed
method. Dusting, sweeping, polishing -- Eleanor performed each chore
with meticulous care, knowing that even the smallest mistake would be
met with a sharp reprimand, or worse, a withdrawal of the meager
affection she sometimes received, which was usually directed at the
other children.

Mr. Harrigan, her foster father, was a quieter presence, but his silence
was just as unnerving. He watched Eleanor with cold, assessing eyes,
rarely speaking, but his disapproval was palpable. He would often stand
in the doorway, observing her as she worked, his arms crossed, his lips
pressed into a thin line. It made her feel like she was constantly being
judged, constantly falling short.

There was no breakfast, not really. Just a small glass of water and a
stale piece of bread if there was any leftover. Mrs. Harrigan said it
was "unnecessary expense" to prepare a proper meal for just one child,
though the other children got a slightly larger portion of whatever was
available. Eleanor's stomach would rumble for hours afterward, but she
learned to ignore it.

Instead of going to school, Eleanor was kept at home, performing chores
from morning till night. Mrs. Harrigan justified this by saying she was
"helping around the house" and that it was "good for her to learn
responsibility." Eleanor suspected the real reason was that it saved the
Harrigans money on school supplies and lunch money, and also allowed
them to have her do all the work while the other children were either at
school or playing.

One afternoon, Eleanor was in the living room, carefully dusting the
mantelpiece, when she noticed something new. A small, framed photograph
had been placed among the other knick-knacks. It was a picture of a
smiling boy, about ten years old, with bright, cheerful eyes. Eleanor
had never seen him before. The other two foster children, a boy and a
girl a little older than Eleanor, were playing in the corner of the
living room, a game with some building blocks, but they didn\'t really
interact with Eleanor, they were too focused on their own world.

"Don't touch that," Mrs. Harrigan's voice snapped from behind her,
making Eleanor jump. "That's Kevin. He's... special."

Eleanor looked at Mrs. Harrigan, confused. "Special?" she whispered.

"He's... different," Mrs. Harrigan said, her voice softening slightly, a
rare hint of warmth in her eyes. "He needs... extra care." She picked up
the photograph and brushed a nonexistent speck of dust from the frame.
"We get extra funding for him, you see."

Eleanor didn't understand what "extra funding" meant, but she understood
the message. Kevin was important. Kevin was valued. She wasn't. She
glanced at the other two children, they were playing happily, they were
not subjected to the same treatment as her.

The tension between Mr. and Mrs. Harrigan was a constant undercurrent in
the house. They would argue frequently, their voices hushed but sharp,
the words indistinct but the tone unmistakable: strained, angry,
resentful. Eleanor would often hear them arguing late at night, their
voices seeping through the thin walls of her room, keeping her awake
with a knot of anxiety in her stomach.

One evening, as Eleanor was cleaning up after a meager dinner of watery
soup -- a dinner that the other children had received with some bread
and a small piece of fruit -- she overheard a particularly heated
exchange.

"I told you, Harold," Mrs. Harrigan hissed, her voice tight with anger.
"We can't afford this. The car needs repairs, and the heating bill is
through the roof."

"We'll manage," Mr. Harrigan replied, his voice gruff. "We always do. We
get enough money for these kids."

"Not enough for everything!" Mrs. Harrigan retorted. "This is too much.
I told you we shouldn't have taken another one."

Eleanor's heart pounded in her chest. *Another one.* Was she the
"another one"? Was she the reason they were arguing? She clutched her
doll tighter, her knuckles white. She felt a deep sense of loneliness,
even with the other children present in the house. They were there, but
they weren\'t *with* her.

A vase on the mantelpiece, a delicate porcelain thing with painted
flowers, trembled slightly as Mrs. Harrigan slammed her hand on a nearby
table. A small crack appeared on its side, almost invisible at first
glance. It wasn\'t just a crack; it was a spiderweb of tiny fractures,
spreading across the delicate surface, like a map of broken promises.

Later that night, a storm gathered outside. The wind howled, rattling
the windows, and rain lashed against the glass. Eleanor lay in her bed,
clutching her doll, her eyes wide with fear. The storm outside seemed to
mirror the storm brewing within the house, a gathering of dark clouds
that threatened to break at any moment. The cracked vase sat on the
mantelpiece downstairs, a silent omen of what was to come.
