---
title: Chapter 43
chapter_number: 00043
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Growing Confidence** 

The day of their next practice session dawned bright and clear, a
welcome change from the cloudy skies of their first attempt. Tony found
himself pacing in his room that morning, a small pebble resting on his
desk. He'd been trying to subtly practice his own telekinesis, but with
limited success.

*"Perhaps a more structured approach would yield better results, sir,"
Jarvis observed internally. "Randomly attempting to levitate inanimate
objects is hardly an efficient use of our time."*

*"I know, Jarvis," Tony thought back, rolling his eyes mentally. "But I
can't exactly set up a magical laboratory in my bedroom, can I?"*

He focused on the pebble, visualizing it lifting into the air. He
concentrated on the familiar tingling sensation, but the pebble remained
stubbornly still.

Downstairs, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee mingled with the sweet
scent of pancakes, drawing him from his room. He heard the gentle murmur
of conversation -- his parents were already in the kitchen.

He found Lily at the stove, carefully flipping pancakes on the griddle,
while Evan sat at the table, reading the newspaper. The warm, inviting
atmosphere usually calmed Tony, but today, his mind was too preoccupied
with magic and his upcoming practice session with Eleanor.

"Morning, sleepyhead," Evan said, grinning as Tony entered the kitchen.
"Sleep well?"

"Yeah, fine," Tony mumbled, grabbing a glass of orange juice. He sat at
the kitchen table, picking at a pancake.

"Something on your mind, sweetie?" Lily asked, turning from the stove,
her brow furrowed with concern. She placed a plate of pancakes in front
of him.

"Just... thinking about stuff," Tony replied vaguely. He didn\'t want to
lie outright, but he also couldn\'t tell them the truth.

"Stuff, huh?" Evan chuckled. "That's a pretty broad topic. Anything
specific?"

Tony hesitated for a moment, then decided to test the waters, directing
his question to both his parents. "Have you ever... felt like there was
something more to the world than we can see?"

Lily's expression became thoughtful, a flicker of something unreadable
in her eyes. Evan, however, simply smiled. "Well," he said, "I think
everyone feels that way sometimes. There are a lot of mysteries in the
world, things we don't fully understand."

"Like... energy?" Tony pressed, glancing at Lily. "Or... forces?"

Evan paused, considering his words. "I suppose you could say that," he
said. "Science is constantly discovering new forms of energy, new forces
at work in the universe. But... I think you're thinking about something
else." He chuckled lightly.

Lily, however, remained quiet, her gaze fixed on Tony. There was a
searching quality in her eyes, as if she were trying to see something
deeper. This made Tony feel uneasy.

*"Her scrutiny is... intense," Jarvis observed. "She is clearly
analyzing your query with considerable focus."*

Tony shifted uncomfortably in his chair. He felt a growing sense of
guilt, especially when he met Lily\'s concerned gaze.

*Perhaps this wasn\'t the best time to bring this up,* he thought.

He decided to change the subject. "Just wondering," he mumbled, taking a
larger bite of his pancake.

Lily continued to watch him for a moment longer, then sighed softly and
turned back to the stove. "Well," she said, her voice gentle, "if you
ever feel like there's something you can't explain, Tony, you know you
can always talk to us, right?"

"Yeah, Mom," Tony said quietly, avoiding her gaze. He felt the weight of
his secret pressing down on him.

*"A prudent retreat," Jarvis commented. "Direct questioning is unlikely
to yield useful information at this stage. However, her reaction
warrants further analysis."*

After breakfast, Tony excused himself, promising to meet Eleanor at the
Millers' house later that afternoon. As he walked over, he replayed the
conversation with his parents in his mind, especially his mother\'s
words. He hadn't learned anything concrete, but Lily\'s focused concern
had made it clear that she was more perceptive than he had realized.
This made him even more determined to keep his and Eleanor\'s secret, at
least for now.

When he arrived at the Millers', Eleanor was already waiting for him on
the porch, Rose nestled beside her. She had the Magical Journal in her
lap, open to their last entry.

"Ready?" Tony asked, taking a seat beside her.

"Ready," Eleanor replied, her eyes shining with anticipation.

*"A positive shift in her demeanor," Jarvis observed internally. "The
previous session appears to have had a beneficial effect on her
confidence."*

"Okay," Tony said, opening the Magical Journal to their previous entry.
"Let's try the visualization exercise again. The twig."

Eleanor nodded, picking up the small twig from the swing. She looked a
little nervous, but there was also a spark of anticipation in her eyes.

"This time," Tony said, "try to focus on a feeling. Like... warmth. Or a
tingling in your fingers. As you picture the twig moving, try to feel
that sensation."

Eleanor closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. She focused on the twig,
picturing it rising into the air. She tried to imagine a warmth
spreading through her hands, a gentle tingling in her fingertips.

*"A sensory association technique," Jarvis analyzed. "A sound approach.
Connecting the desired effect with a tangible sensation can enhance
focus and concentration."*

A few moments passed. Eleanor remained still, her brow furrowed in
concentration. Then, suddenly, the twig on the swing beside her lifted
slightly, more noticeably than before. It hovered for a brief moment,
then gently fell back down.

Eleanor's eyes snapped open, her face breaking into a wide grin. "I did
it!" she exclaimed, her voice filled with excitement. "I really did it!"

Tony grinned back at her, a sense of pride swelling in his chest. "You
did!" he said. "That was much better! You actually made it move!"

*"A significant improvement," Jarvis commented. "The twig's displacement
was approximately three times greater than in the previous attempt."*

*"Thanks for the precise measurement, Jarvis," Tony thought dryly.*

Eleanor picked up the twig again, turning it over in her fingers. "I
felt it," she said, her voice still filled with wonder. "The tingling.
And... it felt like the twig was... lighter. Like it wanted to float."

"That's the magic," Tony explained. "You're starting to connect with it.
You're learning to control it."

*"It appears that the emotional connection is a key factor," Jarvis
observed. "Her positive emotional state during the attempt likely
contributed to the enhanced effect."*

Tony nodded, thinking about Jarvis's words. He wrote down everything in
the journal: the date, the time, the exercise, Eleanor's description of
her experience, and the noticeable improvement in the twig's movement.
He even noted Jarvis's observation about the emotional connection.

"Let's try something else," Tony said. He picked up a small leaf from
the porch floor. "This time, try to make the leaf spin. Just a little."

Eleanor closed her eyes again, focusing on the leaf. She tried to
imagine it spinning, feeling the tingling in her fingers, the lightness
in her hand. After a few attempts, the leaf twitched slightly, then spun
a quarter turn before coming to rest.

"I did it again!" Eleanor exclaimed, her excitement growing.

*"Another successful demonstration," Jarvis commented. "Although the
rotation was minimal, it indicates a growing understanding of
telekinetic control."*

They continued practicing for a while longer, experimenting with
different objects and different types of movement. With each attempt,
Eleanor's confidence grew, and her control over her abilities became
more refined.

As the sun began to set, they decided to call it a day. Eleanor closed
the journal, her smile still bright. "This is so cool," she said. "I
can't wait to practice again."

"Me neither," Tony said, returning her smile. He felt a sense of
accomplishment, not just for Eleanor's progress, but for their shared
journey into the world of magic.
