---
title: Chapter 59
chapter_number: 00059
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Net Tightens**

The clock ticked relentlessly, each second bringing Tuesday, and 3:17
PM, closer. The atmosphere in both the Evans\' and Miller\'s houses was
thick with anticipation and dread. Eleanor had barely left her room at
the Miller\'s house since her latest premonition, her sleep plagued by
nightmares. Tony spent most of his time in his basement, meticulously
monitoring his detection system, his brow perpetually furrowed in
concentration. Lily, meanwhile, was a whirlwind of anxious energy,
alternating between making frantic phone calls at her own home and
checking on Eleanor at the Millers.

Eleanor sat at her desk at the Miller\'s house, another drawing in front
of her. This time, it wasn\'t of a place, but of people. Crude stick
figures, but with one chilling detail: each figure had a dark, shadowy
aura surrounding it. She shivered, remembering the feeling of being
watched, the oppressive sense of dread that had accompanied the vision.

She showed the drawing to Tony when he came over to check on her. He
studied it, his stomach twisting into a tight knot. The shadowy auras
were unsettling. He knew these weren\'t just ordinary people.

*"The depiction of shadowy auras surrounding the figures suggests a
magical influence," Jarvis observed internally. "Possibly a form of
magical concealment or enhancement."*

"They were... closer this time," Eleanor whispered, her voice barely
audible. "I could almost... feel them."

Back at his own house, Tony's detection system was going haywire. The
lights on the panel were flashing almost constantly, a chaotic display
of red and yellow. The signal strength of the pings was fluctuating
wildly, indicating a significant increase in magical activity.

*"The level of magical interference has increased exponentially in the
past few hours, Sir," Jarvis reported. "The readings are now
consistently exceeding critical thresholds."*

Tony ran a diagnostic check on the system, ensuring there were no
malfunctions. Everything was working as intended. The disturbances were
real. The net was tightening.

Upstairs, Lily received a call from Cormac. His voice was grim.

"I've heard whispers," he said, his Irish lilt strained. "About
something... called The Directorate. It's not something you'd find in
any Ministry records. It's... outside of their jurisdiction."

He paused, lowering his voice. "Rumors say it's connected to the Muggle
government. The American one. Operating under the radar, even from
MACUSA. They are interested in... acquiring magical children. Children
with special abilities."

Lily's blood ran cold. This was far worse than she had imagined. The
tension between MACUSA and the American Muggle government was well known
within the wizarding world. MACUSA maintained strict secrecy, and the
Muggle government, particularly certain agencies, were always trying to
find ways to exploit magic for their own purposes.

"And they use... Scourers," Cormac continued, the name dripping with
disgust. "Those traitors. They hire them as mercenaries. To do their
dirty work."

Lily gasped. The Scourers were a dark stain on wizarding history,
witches and wizards who hunted down other magical beings for their own
gain. The fact that the Muggle government was employing them was a
terrifying development.

"This is... this is impossible," Lily whispered, her voice trembling.

"It's happening, Lily," Cormac said grimly. "Be careful. This is bigger
than anything we've dealt with before."

Lily hung up the phone, her hand trembling. She had to tell Tony and
Evan.

Back at the Evans' house, Lily found Tony in the kitchen, staring at the
flashing lights on his detection panel. Evan was also present, looking
deeply concerned.

"Tony," she said, her voice grave. "I need to talk to both of you."

She turned to Evan. "Evan, there's something you need to know. Tony and
Eleanor... they've been having some trouble. Some... people have been
following them. For the past few days."

Evan's brow furrowed. "Following them? What do you mean following them?
Have you called the police?"

"Not yet," Lily said quickly, placing a reassuring hand on his arm.
"I... I wanted to talk to you first. Tony's been... investigating. He's
found some evidence that suggests... it's not just ordinary people."

Evan looked at Tony, his expression a mixture of worry and confusion.
"What kind of evidence, son?"

Tony gestured to the detection system. "I've built this... device. It's
designed to detect... well, it detects unusual electromagnetic
fluctuations. But it's not like normal radio interference, Dad. It's...
localized, erratic. Almost like something's actively disrupting the
signals. And it's only happening around our houses, and especially the
Miller\'s house. I've checked all the frequencies, and there is nothing
broadcasting on them. There is no conventional explanation for this."

He paused, trying to find the right words. "It's like... some kind of
advanced technology. Something the police wouldn't even know how to deal
with." He added. \"The signals also weaken before they are lost, which
indicates some sort of interference rather than a simple malfunction of
the devices.\"

Lily nodded in agreement. "That's why I haven't gone to the police yet,
Evan," she said, her voice calm but firm. "I've contacted some...
private investigators. They specialize in these kinds of things.
Unconventional threats. They have the expertise to handle this
discreetly and effectively. I think it's best if we let them handle it
for now. Going to the police might make things worse, especially if this
is some kind of advanced surveillance operation."

Evan hesitated, his brow still furrowed. He clearly wasn\'t entirely
convinced, but he trusted Lily\'s judgment. He could see the genuine
concern in her eyes, and he knew she wouldn\'t do anything to put Tony
in danger.

"Alright," he said finally, his voice heavy with worry. "But if anything
else happens, or if I get the slightest feeling that something's not
right, we're going to the police. Understood?"

"Understood," Lily and Tony said in unison.

After Evan had left the kitchen to go to the living room, Lily turned to
Tony, her expression grave. "Tony," she said, her voice low. "I need to
tell you what I learned from Cormac. It\'s important you understand what
we're up against."

She recounted what Cormac had told her, carefully explaining the
implications of The Directorate's connection to the Muggle government
and their use of Scourers. "They're... well, they're basically traitors
to the wizarding world. They hunt down other magical beings for money.
It's a dark part of our history, one I hoped you'd never have to know
about."

Tony listened, his face pale. The pieces of the puzzle were falling into
place, forming a terrifying picture.

*"The information provided by Mrs. Evans reveals the existence of a
clandestine organization operating outside the purview of MACUSA,"
Jarvis observed internally. "The reported use of Scourers as mercenaries
suggests a significant escalation of the threat."*

"We need to tell the Millers," Lily said, a determined look in her eyes.
"They need to know what's happening."

A short time later, Lily and Evan arrived at the Miller\'s house. Mrs.
Miller greeted them at the door, her usual cheerful demeanor replaced
with a worried frown.

"Eleanor's been very quiet today," she said, ushering them inside.
"She's been in her room all afternoon."

They found Eleanor sitting at her desk, staring out the window. She
turned as they entered, her expression somber. Mr. and Mrs. Miller were
also present, looking concerned.

Lily explained the situation, using the same carefully worded
explanation she had given Evan earlier, focusing on the "people
following" them and the "private investigators." She avoided any mention
of magic, sensing the Millers\' unease.

While Lily was explaining the situation to the Millers, Eleanor
discreetly showed the drawing to Tony and Lily, holding it low so the
Millers wouldn\'t see. The shadowy figures were now more defined, almost
human in shape. And in the background, a faint image of the clock, its
hands still pointing to 3:17.

Tony's breath hitched as he saw the drawing. He exchanged a look with
Lily, a shared understanding passing between them.

*"The repeated depiction of the same time in Miss Eleanor's premonitions
further reinforces the validity of the timeframe," Jarvis observed
internally.*

"Tuesday," Eleanor whispered, her voice barely audible, her eyes filled
with despair. "It's going to happen... Tuesday at 3:17."

The net was tightening. The clock was ticking. And time was running out.
