---
title: Chapter 36
chapter_number: 00036
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **A Strange Occurrence**

The weekend after the shared dinner, Tony found himself at the Miller's
house again. It had become a regular occurrence, the two families
enjoying each other's company on weekends, the children forming a
close-knit group. This time, it was a sunny afternoon, and the children
were playing in the Miller's backyard, a sprawling green space with a
small wooden playset and a flourishing vegetable garden.

Emily and Ethan were playing a game of tag, their laughter echoing
through the air. Eleanor sat on a small wooden bench near the garden,
Rose resting beside her, quietly observing the game. Tony, however, was
preoccupied. He sat a short distance away, tinkering with a small,
disassembled clock he had brought with him. It wasn\'t just any clock;
it was an antique pocket watch, its intricate gears and springs exposed,
revealing the delicate mechanism within. He had always been fascinated
by the precise movements of clockwork, the way so many tiny parts worked
together in perfect synchronization to measure the passage of time. Now,
he was trying to apply that same understanding to his burgeoning magical
abilities.

*"I'm attempting to create a... magical regulator," he explained to
Jarvis in his mind. "The idea is to create a physical analogue for the
flow of magical energy. Like a circuit for magic."*

*"An ambitious undertaking, sir," Jarvis replied. "Especially
considering your limited understanding of the fundamental principles of
magic. You are essentially attempting to create a technology based on a
science you don't yet fully comprehend."*

*"I understand the principles of energy flow," Tony countered. "Whether
it's electricity, kinetic energy, or... whatever magic is, it has to
follow certain rules. It has to move from one point to another. It has
to be contained and directed."*

His theory, as far as he could articulate it, was that magic, like any
form of energy, had a flow. He imagined it like water flowing through
pipes, or electricity through wires. He reasoned that if he could create
a physical representation of that flow, a sort of "magical circuit," he
might be able to control it more effectively.

He had removed the clock's face and hands, leaving only the intricate
network of gears and springs. He was now meticulously attaching thin
wires to the various gears, using a soldering iron to create tiny,
precise connections. He wasn\'t trying to power the clock with
electricity; instead, he was attempting to create a framework that
would, in his mind, channel his magical energy.

*"I'm thinking if I can infuse the gears with magic," Tony explained to
Jarvis, "and then use the wires to direct that energy through the
clockwork, I might be able to control its output. Like a valve, or a
resistor, controlling the flow of current."*

He tried to infuse the clock's gears with a small amount of his own
magical energy. He focused his intent, picturing the gears turning,
visualizing the flow of magic through the wires he had attached. He
imagined the energy moving from one gear to the next, following the
intricate pathways he had created. He focused his will, picturing the
gears spinning, willing them to move. Nothing happened.

The wires remained still, the gears motionless. The only sound was the
faint ticking of the clock's mainspring, a reminder of the mundane
mechanics that still governed its operation.

*"It appears your current approach is... ineffective," Jarvis observed
dryly. "Magic does not appear to adhere to the principles of
conventional mechanics or circuitry."*

*"Clearly," Tony thought back, sighing in frustration. He examined the
wires he had attached to the gears, frowning. "Perhaps... perhaps it's
the materials. These wires are designed to conduct electricity, not...
magic. Maybe magic requires a different kind of conductor. Something...
more... receptive."* He paused, considering. *"Maybe some materials are
just better at interacting with this kind of energy than others."*

*"An interesting hypothesis, sir," Jarvis replied. "It would suggest
that the composition of a material plays a crucial role in its
interaction with magic."*

*"So, ordinary wire won't work," Tony concluded, carefully reassembling
the clock. "I need to find something... else. Something that resonates
with magic."*

He abandoned his attempt to mechanically control his magic for the time
being, carefully reassembling the clock, returning it to its original
state. He realized he needed to understand the fundamental principles of
magic, and the materials that interacted with it, before he could even
think about creating devices to control it.

Inside the Miller's house, Sarah Miller was watching the local news on
television while preparing some snacks. A news report about a missing
child flashed across the screen, the image of a smiling young boy
filling the room. The report detailed the search efforts and the
family's desperate plea for information.

The news report, unfortunately, triggered a painful memory for Eleanor.
It reminded her of her own past, of the uncertainty and fear she had
experienced during her time in foster care. A wave of sadness and
anxiety washed over her, her heart pounding in her chest.

Outside, Tony, having abandoned his clock experiment, was now idly
tossing the small pebble into the air and catching it, a more relaxed
form of magical practice. Suddenly, Jarvis's voice cut through his
thoughts, his tone urgent.

*"Sir, I am detecting a significant magical fluctuation originating from
within the house. A rather... violent one."*

Tony's eyes widened. He immediately sensed the shift in the air, a
subtle tingling sensation that ran through him. He dropped the pebble
and rushed towards the house, his heart pounding in his chest.

He burst through the back door and into the living room, where he saw
Eleanor staring at a potted fern on a nearby table, her eyes wide with
fear and confusion. The fern was shaking violently, its fronds trembling
as if caught in a powerful gust of wind. But the windows were closed,
and there was no breeze in the room. Sarah Miller, still focused on the
television, hadn\'t noticed the fern yet.

Tony quickly assessed the situation. Eleanor's heightened emotions had
triggered an uncontrolled magical outburst. He had to calm her down
before anyone else noticed. He moved quickly to her side, placing a
reassuring hand on her shoulder.

"Eleanor," he whispered gently, keeping his voice low so Sarah wouldn\'t
hear. "It's okay. It's alright." He focused his own magic, subtly
calming the turbulent energy that was causing the fern to shake. The
trembling gradually subsided, until the plant was still once more.

Eleanor, however, was still visibly shaken. She looked at Tony, her dark
eyes filled with a mixture of fear and confusion. She had felt
something... something strange and powerful. She didn't understand what
had happened, but she knew it wasn't just the wind.

From across the street, partially obscured by the branches of a large
oak tree, Silas observed the scene. He had been monitoring Eleanor and
Tony's interactions closely, ever since he had noticed the unusual
connection between them. He saw Eleanor's sudden change in demeanor, her
startled gasp, and the trembling of the fern. He also saw Tony's quick
reaction -- the way he rushed inside, his immediate focus on Eleanor and
the plant, and the subtle gestures he made as the trembling ceased.
Silas couldn\'t see exactly what Tony did, but the timing was too
perfect to be coincidental.

*"The fern trembled in response to Subject E's distress," Silas thought,
his eyes narrowing. "That much is clear. But the Evans boy... his
reaction was... too swift, too precise."* He replayed the scene in his
mind, focusing on Tony's movements. *"He entered the house with a sense
of urgency, as if he knew exactly what was happening. And the trembling
stopped almost immediately after he reached Subject E."*

A new thought began to form in Silas's mind, a disturbing possibility
that he had previously dismissed. *"It's possible... that he wasn't just
comforting her. It's possible... that he was controlling the magic."* He
consulted his small notebook, making a detailed entry about the event,
emphasizing Tony's actions. *"Subject E exhibited a clear magical
outburst, coinciding with a period of emotional distress. The Evans
boy's immediate intervention and the subsequent cessation of the magical
activity raise significant questions about his own potential magical
abilities."* He paused, his expression becoming more serious. *"I had
focused solely on Subject E, assuming she was the sole source of the
magical activity. I may have been mistaken. The Evans boy's behavior
suggests he may also be magical. This requires further investigation. I
must inform Thorne immediately."*
