---
title: Chapter 37
chapter_number: 00037
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# The Revelation

The rest of the afternoon passed without further incident. Sarah Miller,
thankfully, remained engrossed in the news reports, oblivious to the
brief magical tremor in her living room. Emily and Ethan continued their
game of tag, their youthful energy seemingly inexhaustible. Eleanor,
however, remained quiet and subdued, her eyes occasionally darting
towards the potted fern, a lingering sense of unease clinging to her.

Tony, sensing her discomfort, made an effort to engage her in
conversation, steering clear of any topics that might trigger another
emotional response. He talked about more mundane things -- the funny
antics of Emily and Ethan during their game of tag, a particularly
interesting documentary he had watched about the migration patterns of
butterflies, even the intricacies of the Miller's vegetable garden,
pointing out the different types of plants and explaining how they grew.
He deliberately kept the conversation light and casual, trying to
distract Eleanor from her unsettling experience.

As the afternoon drew to a close and the Evans family prepared to leave,
Tony knew he needed to talk to Eleanor. He couldn\'t leave her with the
confusion and fear that he had seen in her eyes. He waited until Lily
and Evan were saying their goodbyes to the Millers, then gently took
Eleanor\'s hand, leading her towards the relative privacy of the
Miller's back porch once more.

"Can we talk for a moment?" he asked quietly.

Eleanor nodded, her gaze still a little distant. She sat down on the
same wicker chair as before, Rose settling beside her. Tony sat beside
her.

"About what happened inside..." Tony began, choosing his words
carefully.

Eleanor looked up at him, her dark eyes filled with a mixture of
apprehension and curiosity. "The... the plant..." she whispered. "It
just... started shaking. By itself."

"I saw it," Tony said gently. He paused, gathering his thoughts. He knew
he needed to be delicate, to introduce the concept of magic without
overwhelming her. "Have you ever... read any science fiction stories?"
he asked.

Eleanor blinked, a flicker of confusion crossing her face. "Science
fiction?" she repeated.

"Stories about things that aren't real," Tony explained. "Things like...
telekinesis. You know, moving objects with your mind."

Eleanor nodded slowly. "I think so," she murmured. "I've seen some
movies."

"Well," Tony continued, "what if I told you that those stories... might
not be entirely fiction? What if I told you that there are things in the
world that science can't explain? Things that... seem impossible."

Eleanor looked at him intently, her brow furrowed slightly. "What do you
mean?" she asked.

Tony took a deep breath. He knew this was the moment of truth. "What you
did in there," he said softly, gesturing towards the house. "With the
fern. That wasn't just the wind, Eleanor."

Eleanor's eyes widened slightly. She looked down at her hands, her
fingers nervously twisting a loose thread on Rose's dress.

"It was... magic," Tony whispered, his voice barely audible.

Eleanor's head snapped up, her eyes meeting Tony's. A mixture of
disbelief, confusion, and a flicker of something that looked like
excitement danced in her dark eyes. "Magic?" she repeated, her voice
barely a breath.

Tony nodded. He reached out and picked up a small fallen leaf from the
porch floor. He held it in his palm, focusing his intent, picturing the
leaf rising into the air. He felt the familiar tingling sensation within
him, the subtle shift in the air around him. The leaf slowly began to
rise, hovering a few inches above his hand.

Eleanor gasped softly, her eyes fixed on the floating leaf. She reached
out a tentative finger, as if to touch it, but hesitated.

Tony gently lowered the leaf back into his palm. He looked at Eleanor,
his expression reassuring. "That's... what I'm talking about," he said
softly. "That's magic."

Eleanor stared at him, her eyes wide with wonder. "But... how...?" she
whispered.

"I don't know all the answers yet," Tony admitted. "But I know it's
real. I've... experienced it myself. And... now you have too." He
paused, then added, "Remember when you told me about the daisy, how
bright the colors were? That... that kind of thing, seeing things
differently, it can be a sign."

Eleanor's eyes widened as she remembered the daisy drawing. She
remembered the vibrant, almost glowing colors that she, Sarah, and Ms.
Ramirez had all seen. It had seemed so strange at the time, an
inexplicable phenomenon. Now, it suddenly made sense.

"You... you knew?" she whispered, looking back at Tony.

"I suspected," Tony confessed. "After you told me about the daisy, and
then about the other things... the moving objects... I thought it was
possible."

A silence fell between them, broken only by the chirping of crickets and
the distant sounds of Emily and Ethan playing. Eleanor stared at her
hands, her mind reeling from the revelation. Magic. It was real. She
could do magic.

Tony watched her, his expression gentle. He knew this was a lot to take
in. "It's okay if you're confused," he said softly. "It's a lot to
process. But I wanted you to know. You're not... alone in this."

Eleanor looked up at him, her eyes filled with a mixture of awe and
uncertainty. "What... what do we do now?" she whispered.

Tony gave her a reassuring smile. "For now," he said quietly, "we keep
it a secret. It's important that no one else knows. Not yet." He paused,
then added, "But we can... learn about it. Together. We can figure out
how it works."

Eleanor nodded slowly, her gaze fixed on Tony. A small, tentative smile
began to form on her lips. A flicker of excitement, a spark of hope,
ignited in her eyes. The fear and confusion were still there, but they
were now mixed with a sense of wonder, a sense of possibility.
