---
title: Chapter 40
chapter_number: 00040
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **First Steps Towards Practice**

A few days later, under the cover of a cloudy afternoon, Tony found
himself back on the Miller's porch with Eleanor. They had agreed to use
the time while the other children were occupied elsewhere as their first
practice session. The air was still and humid, a perfect backdrop for
quiet concentration.

"Okay," Tony began, rubbing his hands together nervously. "So, we talked
about visualization, right? That's where we'll start."

Eleanor nodded, sitting cross-legged on the porch swing, Rose resting
patiently beside her. She looked a little apprehensive, but also eager
to begin.

*"Perhaps a dramatic incantation?" Jarvis suggested in Tony's mind.
"Something with Latin roots, perhaps? 'Incendio parvus,' for example,
for a small flame."*

*"We're not casting spells, Jarvis," Tony thought back, rolling his eyes
mentally. "We're just... visualizing."*

"We're going to start with something simple," Tony explained to Eleanor.
"Remember how I made the leaf float? We're going to try something
similar, but you'll be doing it."

He picked up a small twig from the porch floor and placed it on the
swing beside Eleanor. "Okay," he instructed, "close your eyes. Take a
deep breath. And focus on the twig."

Eleanor closed her eyes, her brow furrowed in concentration. She took a
deep breath, as instructed, and then another.

*"Excellent deep breathing, sir," Jarvis commented. "A vital component
of any successful magical endeavor. Or, indeed, any successful attempt
to avoid a panic attack."*

*"Thanks, Jarvis," Tony thought dryly.*

"Now," Tony continued, keeping his voice soft and encouraging, "imagine
the twig rising. Picture it floating in the air, just like the leaf did.
See it in your mind's eye. Feel the... the energy, the force, that's
lifting it."

Eleanor remained still, her eyes tightly closed. After a few moments,
she opened them, a look of frustration on her face. "Nothing," she
whispered.

"That's okay," Tony reassured her. "It takes time. It's not about just
thinking about it. It's about... feeling it. Connecting with that
energy."

*"Perhaps a more... visceral approach?" Jarvis suggested. "Suggest she
imagine tiny, invisible hands lifting the twig. Or perhaps a miniature
crane?"*

*"Jarvis, please. Let's stick to the basics," Tony thought back, trying
to suppress a smile.*

"Try again," Tony said to Eleanor. "But this time, don't just see the
twig floating. Try to feel it. Feel the... lightness. The absence of
gravity. Imagine it's weightless."

Eleanor closed her eyes again, focusing intently. This time, she
scrunched her nose slightly, her lips pursed in concentration. A few
seconds passed, then a few more. Still nothing.

*"Perhaps she requires a motivational speech?" Jarvis suggested. "A
rousing call to magical action? I can prepare something suitable, if you
wish."*

*"No, Jarvis, no speeches," Tony thought, shaking his head slightly.
"Just... quiet encouragement."*

"It's alright," Tony said gently. "It's not going to happen instantly.
It takes practice. It's like learning to ride a bike. You don't just hop
on and suddenly know how to balance. You have to try, and you might fall
a few times, but eventually, you get it."

He picked up the twig again and held it in his hand. "Watch," he said,
focusing his own intent. He closed his eyes for a moment, visualizing
the twig rising, feeling the familiar tingling sensation within him.
Then, he slowly opened his hand. The twig remained stubbornly on his
palm.

*"Ahem," Jarvis cleared his metaphorical throat. "Perhaps a
demonstration of your own abilities would be more... persuasive?"*

Tony opened his eyes and looked at the twig in his palm. He frowned. He
tried again, focusing more intently, but still nothing.

*"It appears," Jarvis commented dryly, "that even experienced
practitioners occasionally encounter... technical difficulties."*

*"Shut up, Jarvis," Tony thought, feeling a blush creeping up his neck.*
He took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves. He focused all his
attention on the twig, picturing it floating, feeling the energy flowing
through him. This time, finally, the twig began to tremble slightly,
then lifted off his palm, hovering a few inches above his hand.

Eleanor gasped softly, her eyes widening as she watched the twig float.
"You did it!" she whispered, her voice filled with awe.

Tony let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. The twig gently
floated back down to his palm. "See?" he said, trying to sound
nonchalant. "It just takes a little focus."

*"A 'little' focus, sir?" Jarvis echoed. "I would hardly characterize
that as a 'little' focus. It required a significant expenditure of
energy and concentration."*

*"Just let me have this, Jarvis," Tony thought, rolling his eyes again.*

"Okay," Tony said to Eleanor, "now try again. But this time, try to
remember how it felt when the fern moved. Remember the feeling of...
something shifting, something changing."

Eleanor closed her eyes once more, her brow furrowed in concentration.
She took another deep breath, trying to recall the strange sensation she
had felt when the fern trembled. She focused on the twig, picturing it
floating, feeling the lightness, the absence of gravity. And then,
something happened.

The twig on the swing beside her trembled slightly. Just a small tremor,
barely perceptible. But it was there.

Eleanor's eyes snapped open, her eyes wide with surprise and excitement.
"I... I felt something!" she whispered.

Tony grinned. "I felt it too," he said. "You're doing it, Eleanor.
You're connecting with the magic."

*"A most promising start," Jarvis commented. "Perhaps we should consider
more... structured exercises for future sessions. A curriculum, if you
will."*

*"We'll get there, Jarvis," Tony thought back, his eyes still on
Eleanor. "One step at a time."*

Eleanor looked at the twig, still lying motionless on the swing. She
reached out and gently touched it, as if confirming that it was still
real. A small smile spread across her face.

"It was... just a little bit," she said, her voice filled with wonder.
"But... I felt it. Like... a tingle. In my fingers."

"That's the energy," Tony explained. "That's the magic. You're starting
to feel it. The more you practice, the stronger it will become."

*"Perhaps we should document her progress," Jarvis suggested. "A
detailed log of each session, including observations, results, and
any... unexpected occurrences."*

*"We're not conducting a scientific experiment, Jarvis," Tony thought,
though he had to admit, the idea of keeping a record wasn\'t a bad one.
"But... maybe we should keep some notes. Just to keep track of what
we're doing."*

"Maybe we should write things down," Tony suggested to Eleanor. "Just...
to remember what we've tried, what works, what doesn't."

Eleanor nodded enthusiastically. "Like a journal?" she asked.

"Yeah," Tony said. "A magical journal. Just for us." He paused, looking
around the porch. "Maybe we can find a notebook somewhere. Or we can
just use some scrap paper for now."

"I have a notebook in my room," Eleanor said. "I can get it." She hopped
off the swing, a renewed energy in her movements. "I'll be right back."

As Eleanor hurried into the house, Tony leaned back against the porch
railing, a thoughtful expression on his face. He looked out at the
darkening sky, the first stars beginning to appear. He knew this was
just the beginning of a long and challenging journey. But he also knew
that they were in it together. And that made all the difference.

*"A shared endeavor," Jarvis commented, his tone almost... approving. "A
most interesting development."*

*"Yeah," Tony thought back, a smile spreading across his face. "It is."*
