---
title: Chapter 31
chapter_number: 00031
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 31: Shared Afternoons**

The dismissal bell at Oakwood Elementary School rang with the shrill
enthusiasm only a room full of seven-year-olds could generate. Tony,
however, remained unfazed. He methodically packed his backpack, a
slightly more sophisticated model than the cartoon-covered ones sported
by his classmates, and waited patiently by the door. He wasn\'t one for
rushing. Rushing was inefficient.

Eleanor emerged from the throng of children, her dark hair slightly
disheveled and her expression a mix of relief and quiet contemplation.
She carried a well-worn sketchbook and a small bag containing her lunch
leftovers. Clutched in her other hand was Rose, her worn cloth doll, a
constant companion with button eyes and stitched hair. The fabric of her
dress was faded and frayed in places, a testament to years of being held
and comforted.

"Ready?" Tony asked, adjusting the strap of his backpack. It wasn't
really a question.

Eleanor nodded, a small smile touching her lips. Their walk home had
become a routine, a comfortable ritual in their otherwise ordinary
second-grade lives.

As they walked, Tony made dry observations about the day's events. "Ms.
Peterson seems particularly fixated on the proper use of commas," he
commented, his tone wry. "One might think the fate of the free world
rested on their correct placement."

Eleanor giggled, a soft sound that Tony found surprisingly pleasant.
"Emily kept putting them in the wrong places," she said. "It made Ms.
Peterson's face go all red."

"A predictable outcome," Tony replied. "Human physiology is remarkably
consistent in its reactions to stress."

"She kept saying, 'A comma splice! A comma splice!'" Eleanor imitated
Ms. Peterson's exasperated tone, making Tony chuckle.

*"She's certainly come a long way," Jarvis commented in the back of
Tony's mind. "Remember how withdrawn she was during the diorama project?
Barely spoke a word. Now she's mimicking her teacher. Remarkable
progress."*

*Tony thought back, a small smile playing on his lips. He was pleased to
see Eleanor opening up. It was a welcome change. "Indeed. Though I
suspect Ms. Peterson's dramatic pronouncements are contributing to her
newfound expressiveness."*

*"Perhaps," Jarvis replied dryly. "Though I'd wager the consistent
companionship of a certain genius billionaire playboy philanthropist is
also playing a role."*

*Tony mentally rolled his eyes. "Oh, please. Don't start with that
again."*

*Jarvis chuckled, a sound only Tony could perceive. "Just stating the
facts, sir."*

As they walked, Jarvis shifted his focus, his awareness extending beyond
Tony's immediate perception. He perceived Eleanor not just as a physical
presence, but as a soul. He saw the faint traces of the trauma she had
endured, still present but significantly diminished. *"The fractures are
mending," Jarvis observed, his tone thoughtful. "The light is returning.
The connection with young Eleanor is proving remarkably... therapeutic."
He saw the faint, ethereal threads of energy that connected her to Tony,
a bond of friendship and shared experience that was slowly but surely
weaving her soul back together.*

Instead of heading directly home, they often detoured to the local
library. Tony had quickly discovered its extensive collection of books,
a welcome change from the simplistic reading materials offered at
school. He introduced Eleanor to topics that fascinated him: the
principles of simple machines, the history of flight, the intricacies of
the human body. Eleanor, in turn, found herself drawn to the colorful
illustrations and fascinating facts. Rose sat patiently beside her as
she flipped through the pages, her button eyes seemingly fixed on the
colorful diagrams.

On this particular afternoon, they found themselves in the science
section, poring over a book about the solar system. "Did you know," Tony
said, pointing to a diagram of Saturn, "that its rings are made up of
millions of pieces of ice and rock?"

Eleanor's eyes widened. "Really? Like... tiny asteroids?" Rose tilted
slightly in her lap as she leaned forward, as if also curious.

"Precisely," Tony confirmed. "Some of them are as small as grains of
sand, while others are as large as houses."

"Wow," Eleanor breathed, tracing the rings with her finger. "That's...
amazing."

After the library, they often walked through the nearby park. It wasn\'t
a playground with swings and slides; it was a more natural space, with
winding paths, tall trees, and a small pond. They didn't play tag or
chase each other like other children. Instead, they observed the world
around them. Tony would point out different species of birds, explaining
their migratory patterns or unique calls. Eleanor, with Rose nestled
beside her on the bench, would sketch the leaves of different trees,
capturing their intricate veins and delicate edges in her sketchbook.

As they sat by the pond, Eleanor sketching a family of ducks, Tony
watched her with a thoughtful expression. He had noticed small, unusual
things happening around her lately. A slight flicker of light when she
was startled, a small object shifting position when she wasn't looking.
He suspected, with a growing certainty, that there was more to Eleanor
than met the eye.

From across the street, Silas watched them. He leaned against a tree,
seemingly engrossed in a newspaper, but his eyes were fixed on Tony and
Eleanor. He noted their quiet conversations, their focused expressions,
their unusual dynamic. *"The boy," Silas thought, a wry smile twisting
his lips. "He acts like he's seen a century or two. Talks like a
professor, carries himself with an air of... authority. For a
seven-year-old, he's remarkably... old-fashioned. Almost as if he is an
old man stuck in a child\'s body."* He noted Tony\'s mature way of
handling himself and his conversations, a stark contrast to the other
children he observed. It was an odd dynamic, one that Silas couldn\'t
quite decipher. He made a mental note to observe them more closely.
There was something about their connection that piqued his suspicion. It
wasn\'t overt, not yet, but it was there, a subtle undercurrent that
Silas couldn\'t ignore.
