---
title: Chapter 16
chapter_number: 00016
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Lost Toy**

The classroom air buzzed with the low hum of focused concentration. Mrs.
Peterson's voice, warm and encouraging, filled the room as she guided
the class through a phonics lesson. "Okay, everyone," she said, pointing
to a word written on the chalkboard: *"ship."* "Let's sound it out
together. /sh/.../i/.../p/. Ship."

Tony followed along, his mind already racing ahead. The phonics lesson
felt... elementary. The simple letter-sound correspondences were almost
painfully obvious to him. It was like being asked to explain the
mechanics of a bicycle to someone who had already built a rocket. Still,
he kept his expression neutral, not wanting to draw attention to
himself. He observed the other children struggling with the sounds, some
frowning in concentration, others whispering to their neighbors. He
noticed Eleanor, her expression distant, her attention focused on the
worn doll in her lap. The lesson seemed to pass her by completely. He
felt a pang of sympathy for her, wondering what was going on in her
mind. *Efficient for some,* he thought wryly, the word taking on a
different meaning in this context. It wasn\'t about the elegance of the
system; it was about its sheer, almost brutal simplicity. His gaze
lingered on Eleanor.

Next to him, Eleanor sat rigidly, her eyes fixed on the word but her
expression distant. She held her worn cloth doll tightly in her lap, her
knuckles white. She traced the frayed edge of the doll's dress with a
trembling finger.

Mrs. Peterson moved on to a new word: *"truck."* As she wrote it on the
board, a small, red toy truck, belonging to a boy named Kevin, rolled
off his desk and bounced across the floor, coming to rest under
Eleanor's desk with a soft *thump*.

The sudden noise startled Eleanor. She flinched, her breath catching in
her throat. Her eyes widened, not focusing on the toy at her feet, but
seeming to look through it, into something far away. Her grip on the
doll tightened, and her body became rigid. Her eyes were unfocused,
almost glazed over.

The bright red of the truck's plastic seemed to pulse in her vision. It
wasn\'t just red; it was a screaming, insistent red, the same shade
as...

A small, dimly lit room. Dust motes danced in the single shaft of light
filtering through a grimy window. The air was stale, heavy with the
scent of dust and something else... something musty and unpleasant. A
younger Eleanor, barely more than a toddler, sat huddled in a corner,
her small arms wrapped tightly around a worn teddy bear. Its fur was
matted and faded, the once-bright brown now a dull grey. One of its
button eyes dangled precariously by a single thread. It was her only
companion, her only comfort in this cold, unfamiliar place.

The door creaked open, casting a long, ominous shadow across the room. A
taller figure filled the doorway -- a boy, perhaps ten or eleven, with a
cruel twist to his lips. He was bigger than her, much bigger, and his
eyes held a coldness that made Eleanor shrink back against the wall.

He strode towards her, his gaze fixed on the teddy bear clutched in her
small arms.

"Give it," he demanded, his voice flat and harsh.

Eleanor's small hands tightened around the bear, her head shaking
slightly, her eyes wide with terror. She tried to pull the bear closer,
shielding it with her small body.

The boy lunged forward, his hand reaching out, fingers closing around
the bear's worn fabric. Eleanor gasped, a small, choked sound escaping
her lips. She tried to hold on, her small hands scrabbling against his
larger ones, but he was too strong.

He yanked the bear away, the force of his pull nearly sending Eleanor
tumbling backward. She cried out, a small, desperate sound of loss and
fear.

The boy laughed, a harsh, unpleasant sound that echoed in the small
room. He tossed the bear carelessly onto a high shelf, far out of
Eleanor's reach. He turned and left, the door slamming shut behind him,
leaving Eleanor alone in the dim light, her small body shaking with
silent sobs. The silence in the room felt heavy, suffocating, broken
only by her small, stifled whimpers.

Back in the classroom, Eleanor blinked, her eyes slowly refocusing on
the present. Kevin, the boy who owned the truck, was now standing beside
her desk, looking down at her expectantly, his hand outstretched. The
red truck lay on the floor near her feet. Eleanor bent down slowly, her
movements stiff and hesitant, as if she were afraid of breaking. She
picked up the truck, her fingers tracing the smooth plastic of the
wheels, the bright red still jarringly vivid. She straightened up,
avoiding eye contact, and placed the truck in Kevin's outstretched hand.

"Thanks," Kevin mumbled, taking the truck and returning to his desk.

Eleanor returned to her seat, her movements still hesitant. She sat
down, clutching her doll tightly to her chest, her breathing shallow and
rapid. She stared down at her desk, her mind still replaying the memory
of the lost teddy bear, the feeling of helplessness and loss still
clinging to her like a shadow.

Tony, who had been watching her intently throughout the entire episode,
noticed the subtle changes in her demeanor -- the flinch, the unfocused
gaze, the tremor in her hand. He saw the way she clutched her doll, as
if it were a lifeline. He didn\'t understand what had happened, but he
could see that something had clearly distressed her. He offered her a
quiet, concerned look, his brow furrowed slightly. He didn\'t speak, not
wanting to intrude, but he wanted her to know he had noticed. He also
noted that she was not paying any attention to the rest of the class.
