---
title: Chapter 35
chapter_number: 00035
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Preparing for the Unknown**

The remnants of the lasagna had been cleared, the adults had retreated
to the living room for coffee and further conversation, and the younger
children, Emily and Ethan, were now engaged in a spirited game of tag in
the backyard. The setting sun cast long shadows across the Miller's
lawn, and the air was filled with the chirping of crickets. Tony and
Eleanor, however, had found a quiet corner on the Miller's back porch, a
small haven of calm amidst the general bustle. The porch overlooked a
small, well-tended garden, filled with vibrant flowers and fragrant
herbs.

Eleanor sat on the edge of a wicker chair, Rose resting beside her. She
watched the fireflies flickering in the twilight, their tiny lights
blinking on and off like miniature stars against the darkening sky. Tony
sat beside her, leaning against one of the porch's wooden supports.

"They're pretty," Eleanor murmured, her voice soft.

"Luminescent beetles of the family Lampyridae," Tony replied
automatically. *"Though I doubt she's interested in their scientific
classification," Jarvis commented dryly.*

*"Probably not," Tony thought back, a small smile playing on his lips.*
He looked at Eleanor, noticing how relaxed she seemed.

"You seem... more at ease," Tony observed gently.

Eleanor nodded, her gaze still fixed on the fireflies. "It was nice,"
she said softly. "Being with everyone. It felt... normal." She paused,
tracing a pattern on the wooden porch floor with her finger. "They
remind me of something... but I can't quite remember what."

Tony followed her gaze, watching the fireflies dance among the flowers.
"Perhaps a memory from your childhood?" he suggested gently.

Eleanor's brow furrowed slightly. "Maybe," she murmured. "There are...
bits and pieces. Like... flashes of light. But they're blurry. Like...
looking through a foggy window." She paused again, a thoughtful
expression on her face. "I remember... when we did the diorama project
in class. I painted the background, remember? It was supposed to be a
forest."

Tony nodded. "I remember. David made the trees from twigs, and Maria
made the animal cutouts."

"Yeah," Eleanor said softly. "It was... nice. It felt good to... work
with everyone. To create something together." She looked down at Rose,
her fingers gently stroking the doll's worn fabric. "It was one of the
first times I felt... like I belonged somewhere."

Tony understood. The diorama project had been a turning point for
Eleanor, a moment of connection and acceptance. He decided to gently
steer the conversation toward more personal experiences.

"You've been staying with the Millers for a while now, haven't you?" he
asked quietly.

Eleanor nodded. "Yes," she whispered. "They're... good people. They're
kind." She paused, her expression becoming more introspective. "I
remember... after I told them... about everything... about my past... I
felt... lighter. Like a weight had been lifted." She looked up at Tony,
her eyes filled with a quiet intensity. "I drew a picture that day. A
daisy. And... it was... different."

"Different how?" Tony asked gently, sensing that she was about to share
something important.

"The colors," Eleanor whispered, her voice barely audible. "They were...
so bright. Almost... glowing. I thought it was just... the light. Or
maybe I was just... imagining things." She paused, then added, "But...
Sarah and Ms. Ramirez... they saw it too."

A jolt of realization shot through Tony. *"Jarvis..." he thought, his
mind racing.*

*"I concur, sir," Jarvis replied, his tone serious. "The perception of
heightened colors, especially observed by multiple witnesses, is a
strong indicator of a magical manifestation. It seems Eleanor is indeed
displaying magical abilities."*

Tony's eyes widened slightly as he looked at Eleanor. He understood now.
She wasn't just sensitive or imaginative. She was like him. She could
see and perhaps even influence magic.

He chose his words carefully, wanting to confirm his suspicions without
revealing too much. "You said it was different," he said gently. "Have
you... noticed other things that felt... different? Unexplained?"

Eleanor hesitated, her gaze shifting to Rose. She traced a worn patch on
the doll's dress, her expression thoughtful. "Sometimes," she whispered,
her voice barely audible, "sometimes... I feel like things... move when
I don't touch them. Little things. Like... a pencil rolling off the
table when no one's near it. Or... a book falling off a shelf. Once... a
glass of water on my nightstand... it just... tipped over. By itself.
There was no wind, nothing touched it." She looked at Tony, her dark
eyes filled with a mixture of confusion and a hint of fear. "I don't
understand it."

Tony nodded slowly, his mind racing. He knew now. Eleanor was like him.
She had magic.

From across the street, partially hidden behind a parked car, Silas
observed their conversation. He watched as they spoke quietly to each
other, their expressions serious and focused. He couldn't hear their
words, but he could sense the intensity of their exchange. He noticed a
shared look in their eyes, a sense of understanding that went beyond
simple childhood friendship.

*"Their interaction is... different tonight," Silas thought, his brow
furrowed in concentration. "At dinner, it seemed like simple
camaraderie. Now... there's something more. A shared intensity, a secret
understanding."* He adjusted his position slightly, trying to get a
clearer view. *"It's subtle, but it's there. I can't quite put my finger
on it, but... I'm beginning to suspect that there's more to their
relationship than meets the eye. Their interaction is... concerning."*
He made a note in his small notebook. "Continued observation is
required. I will inform Thorne of this development."

The Evans family said their goodbyes shortly after, promising to have
the Millers over to their house soon. On the drive home, Tony stared out
the window, replaying his conversation with Eleanor in his mind.

*"She's like me, Jarvis," he thought. "She can do magic."*

*"Indeed, sir," Jarvis replied. "It appears you've found a kindred
spirit."*

*"I wonder how long she's known?" Tony mused.*

*"It's difficult to say, sir. These abilities often manifest gradually,
particularly in young children. She may not even fully understand what
she's experiencing."*

When they arrived home, Tony went straight to his room. He lay in bed,
staring up at the ceiling, the image of Eleanor's wide, questioning eyes
burned into his mind. He thought about the flickers of light, the moving
objects, the things that couldn't be explained. He thought about his own
experiences, the strange abilities he was only just beginning to
understand.

*"What do we do now, Jarvis?" he thought quietly.*

*"We observe, sir," Jarvis replied. "We learn. And we prepare."*

Tony closed his eyes, a sense of anticipation and a hint of unease
swirling within him. He knew that something extraordinary was about to
happen.
