---
title: Chapter 28
chapter_number: 28
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 28: Finding Her Voice**

Tony and Eleanor returned to the classroom, the quiet alcove's brief
respite already fading into a distant memory. The classroom, though not
as chaotic as the hallway had been, still buzzed with activity. Children
were chatting, shuffling papers, and settling back into their seats.
Eleanor kept her gaze fixed on the floor as Tony walked her back to her
desk. He offered a small, reassuring smile, which she acknowledged with
a barely perceptible nod. Ms. Peterson, noticing their return, gave them
a discreet, understanding nod of her own before resuming her lesson.

"Alright, class," Ms. Peterson announced, clapping her hands together to
regain everyone's attention. "Now that recess is over, we're going to
begin a new project. We'll be working in small groups to create...
dioramas!"

A murmur of excitement rippled through the classroom. Eleanor's stomach
tightened. Group projects were never easy. The thought of having to work
closely with other students, of sharing her ideas and opinions, filled
her with a familiar dread. *They'll just think I'm weird,* she thought,
her fingers nervously twisting the fabric of Rose's dress. *I'll just
mess everything up.*

Ms. Peterson began explaining the details of the project, outlining the
materials they would be using and the criteria for success. Eleanor
tried to focus on her words, but her mind kept drifting back to the
playground, to the whispers and the judging glances.

Tony, sensing Eleanor's apprehension, leaned over and whispered, "Hey,
don't worry. We'll be in the same group. It'll be fun."

Ms. Peterson began assigning students to groups. Tony subtly maneuvered
himself to be placed in a group with Eleanor, along with two other
students: a girl named Maria, who had bright, inquisitive eyes and a
constant smile, and a boy named David, who was quiet and thoughtful,
with a knack for building intricate structures out of blocks.

As the groups gathered at their designated tables, Tony turned to
Eleanor, his green eyes sparkling with encouragement. "So," he said,
"what do you think? Any ideas for our diorama?"

Eleanor hesitated, glancing at Maria and David, who were looking at her
expectantly. She shrugged slightly, her voice barely above a whisper.
"I... I don't know."

Maria smiled warmly. "It's okay," she said. "We can brainstorm together.
What kind of diorama do you want to make?"

David nodded in agreement. "Maybe something with animals?" he suggested.
"Or a scene from a book?"

Eleanor remained quiet, her gaze fixed on her hands. The whispers from
the playground echoed in her mind: *"...new girl..." "...always
quiet..."*

Tony gently nudged her arm. "Eleanor's really good at drawing," he said,
directing a smile at her. "Maybe she could help with the background or
some of the details."

Maria's eyes widened with interest. "Really? That would be great!" she
said. "I'm not very good at drawing. I'm better at cutting and gluing."

Eleanor blushed slightly, still hesitant. She glanced at the blank piece
of cardboard that would serve as the base for their diorama. A faint
image of a forest scene flickered in her mind.

*Sir,* Jarvis's voice echoed in Tony's mind, *one of the points of light
within her fractured soul has flickered brighter. It is a nascent spark
of confidence.*

Eleanor cleared her throat softly. "Maybe... maybe we could do a
forest," she whispered, her voice a little stronger this time. "With
trees and... and a little stream."

David's eyes lit up. "That's a great idea!" he exclaimed. "I'm really
good at making things with natural materials. I could bring in some
twigs and small branches from my backyard -- they'll make great textured
trunks!"

"And I can make little paper animals!" Maria added enthusiastically. "We
could have deer and squirrels and maybe even a little fox!"

"And I can draw the background," Eleanor said, her voice gaining a
little more confidence. "With the trees and the sky and the stream."

Tony grinned. "Perfect! I can help with the base and maybe we can find
some small rocks for the stream bed. My dad has a bunch in his garden."
He looked at Eleanor, his expression encouraging. "This is going to look
amazing."

As they began to discuss their forest diorama, Maria pulled out a few
sheets of paper and some colored pencils. "Okay," she said, "let's start
with a rough sketch. What do you think the layout should be?"

Eleanor hesitated, then pointed to a spot on the paper. "Maybe... maybe
the stream could go here," she suggested, tracing a wavy line with her
finger.

"Good idea!" Tony said. "And we could have a small clearing over here,"
he added, drawing a circle on the paper. "That's where the rabbits could
be."

David nodded. "And the trees could be around the edges," he said,
sketching some rough tree shapes.

"I can draw some sample animals now, so we have an idea of what they'll
look like," Maria offered, starting to sketch some simple outlines of
deer and squirrels.

"I can try to sketch the background with the mountains and the sky,"
Eleanor said, picking up a blue pencil. She began to lightly sketch some
rolling hills in the background, adding a few wisps of clouds in the
sky.

As they worked on their preliminary sketches, Eleanor found herself
slowly opening up. She suggested adding some small flowers to the forest
floor and even helped David refine his tree sketches, suggesting ways to
make them look more realistic. She even chuckled when David jokingly
called his initial tree sketches \"abstract sculptures\".

*The interaction with her peers is... stabilizing,* Jarvis observed.
*The fluctuations in her core are becoming less erratic, more sustained.
The light is growing stronger.*

At one point, Maria asked Eleanor about Rose. Eleanor hesitated, then
gently took the doll from her lap and showed it to Maria and David. She
explained that it was a gift from her grandmother.

"She's beautiful," Maria said, gently touching the worn fabric. "She
looks very loved."

Eleanor smiled softly, a genuine smile that reached her eyes. "She is,"
she whispered.

*Sir, there is a distinct resonance between her soul and those of her
companions,* Jarvis noted. *The points of light are converging, creating
a small but significant illumination. It is... a moment of genuine
connection.*

By the end of the class, Eleanor felt a small sense of accomplishment.
The project wasn't built yet, but they had a solid plan and some initial
sketches. And for the first time in a long time, she felt like she had
actually contributed something, that she had been a part of something
positive. The whispers from the playground still lingered in the back of
her mind, but they were quieter now, less threatening. As she packed up
her things, Tony gave her a thumbs-up and a wide grin. Eleanor returned
the gesture, a genuine smile spreading across her face.
