---
title: Chapter 22
chapter_number: 00022
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 22: First Steps**

The car ride was short, but to Eleanor, it felt like traveling to
another world. The car, clean and smelling faintly of vanilla air
freshener, was a stark contrast to the sterile, lemon-scented Harrigan
house. Ms. Ramirez, her kind eyes reflecting the passing streetlights,
kept glancing back at Eleanor in the rearview mirror, offering small,
reassuring smiles. Eleanor, clutching her worn doll, stared out the
window, watching the blur of houses and trees pass by, a strange mix of
apprehension and anticipation swirling in her stomach.

The car pulled into the driveway of a two-story house with warm,
inviting lights glowing from the windows. It was a house that looked
lived-in, with a small porch swing and a flower bed overflowing with
colorful blooms. It was utterly different from the cold, impersonal
Harrigan residence.

"We're here, Eleanor," Ms. Ramirez said gently, turning off the engine.
She came around and opened Eleanor's door, offering her hand. Eleanor
hesitated for a moment, then hesitantly placed her small hand in Ms.
Ramirez's warm one.

As they walked up the pathway, the front door opened, and a woman with a
warm smile and kind eyes stepped out. "You must be Eleanor," she said,
her voice gentle and welcoming. "I'm Sarah Miller. It's so nice to
finally meet you."

Behind her stood a tall man with a friendly face, and two children, a
boy and a girl, slightly older than Eleanor. "And I'm David," the man
said, extending a hand to Ms. Ramirez. "These are our children, Emily
and Ethan."

"Hi!" Emily chirped, her eyes bright with curiosity. Ethan, a bit more
reserved, offered a shy wave.

Ms. Ramirez shook Mr. Miller's hand, then turned back to Eleanor.
"Eleanor, this is Mr. and Mrs. Miller, and their children, Emily and
Ethan. They're going to take good care of you."

Eleanor, still clutching her doll, looked from Ms. Ramirez to the
Millers and their children, her eyes wide and uncertain. She didn't know
what to say.

"Come on in, dear," Mrs. Miller said, her smile widening. "We have some
warm soup waiting for you."

The inside of the house was just as welcoming as the outside. The living
room was cozy and inviting, with soft couches, warm lighting, and family
photos scattered on the mantelpiece. The air smelled of something
delicious -- chicken and vegetables, Eleanor thought. It was a smell
that made her stomach rumble.

As Eleanor stepped inside, Emily and Ethan gathered around her, their
curiosity evident. "Do you like to play games?" Emily asked, her eyes
sparkling. Ethan, though quiet, edged closer, his gaze fixed on
Eleanor's doll.

Ms. Ramirez stayed for a while, talking to the Millers and observing
Eleanor's interactions with them. She explained Eleanor's past
experiences, emphasizing the importance of patience and creating a safe,
stable environment.

"She's been through a lot," Ms. Ramirez said softly, her gaze resting on
Eleanor as she watched Emily showing her a colorful picture book. "It's
going to take time for her to trust, but with your love and support, I
know she'll be okay."

Mrs. Miller knelt down in front of Eleanor, her expression gentle.
"Eleanor," she said softly, "we're so happy to have you here. This is
your home now. You're safe here."

Eleanor looked at her, her eyes filled with a mixture of confusion and
disbelief. She had heard those words before, in other houses, but they
had always turned out to be empty promises.

"We mean it," Mr. Miller added, his voice warm and sincere. "We want you
to be happy here."

Mrs. Miller then led Eleanor to the kitchen, where a steaming bowl of
chicken noodle soup awaited her. The aroma was warm and inviting, and
Eleanor's stomach growled again. She hadn't had a proper meal in what
felt like forever.

She sat at the kitchen table, hesitant to touch the soup. She glanced at
Mrs. Miller, who smiled encouragingly.

"It's okay, dear," she said gently. "Go ahead. It's homemade."

Slowly, tentatively, Eleanor picked up her spoon and took a small sip.
The warm broth filled her mouth, and a wave of comfort washed over her.
It was the best thing she had tasted in a long time. Emily and Ethan sat
across from her, quietly eating their own soup, occasionally glancing at
Eleanor with curious smiles.

Ms. Ramirez, watching this interaction from the side, felt a small surge
of hope. It was a small step, but it was a start.

Later that afternoon, as Ms. Ramirez was preparing to leave, Eleanor was
in the living room, her gaze drawn to the mantelpiece. A framed
photograph caught her eye. It showed the Millers -- Mr. and Mrs. Miller,
Emily, and Ethan. They were laughing and hugging, their faces filled
with joy. It was a picture of a happy family, something Eleanor had
never really known.

As she stared at the photograph, a sudden gust of wind swept through the
room, making the frame swing wildly on the wall. It almost fell, but
Mrs. Miller quickly reached out and steadied it.

"Oh my!" she exclaimed, a slight laugh in her voice. "That was a close
one. These old houses have such drafty windows."

Eleanor stared at the photograph, her heart pounding. She hadn't felt
any wind before, and she didn't remember seeing any windows open. A
strange tingle ran through her fingertips. She glanced at where the
window would have been, but it was firmly shut.

Ms. Ramirez, who was just putting on her coat by the door, turned around
when she heard Mrs. Miller's exclamation. She saw Eleanor's wide eyes
and the way she was staring at the photograph, a look of confusion and
slight fear on her face. She also noted the way the frame was still
slightly swaying, even though Mrs. Miller had steadied it. While Mrs.
Miller was focused on making sure the frame was properly placed again,
Ms Ramirez looked at the windows and saw that they were all closed. It
was a still day outside, so there shouldn\'t have been any wind.

*Present Day*

The school bell rang, signaling the start of recess. Tony knew what he
had to do. He scanned the playground for Eleanor. He spotted her by the
fence, as usual, looking small and alone. He approached her hesitantly
before changing direction towards the kindergarten area.

He spotted Billy and Sarah playing near the swings. Billy, though
usually cheerful, was currently looking a bit unsure, fiddling with the
frayed edge of his sleeve. Sarah, ever bright, was drawing in the dirt
with a stick.

"Hey guys," Tony said, approaching them. "Remember I told you about
Eleanor? She's over there." He pointed towards Eleanor, who was still by
the fence.

Billy looked over, his expression a mix of curiosity and shyness. "She
looks...sad," he whispered.

"Yeah," Tony said. "I think she could use some friends. You wanna come
meet her?"

Sarah nodded enthusiastically. Billy hesitated for a moment, then nodded
too, albeit more shyly.

Tony led them over to where Eleanor was sitting. "Hi, Eleanor," he said
gently. "These are my friends, Billy and Sarah. They're in
kindergarten."

Billy and Sarah beamed at Eleanor, their faces bright and friendly.
"Hi!" Sarah chirped, waving enthusiastically.

Billy offered a small, shy wave, his cheeks flushing slightly. "H-hi,"
he mumbled.

Eleanor looked at them, her eyes wide with surprise. She was used to
being ignored, not approached by other children. She felt a wave of
shyness wash over her, but also a flicker of curiosity.

"Hi," she whispered back, her voice barely audible.

"We were wondering if you wanted to play with us," Tony said, gesturing
to the open space between the kindergarten and first-grade play areas.
"We could play tag, or maybe build a sandcastle."

Eleanor hesitated, glancing from Tony to Billy and Sarah. They were all
looking at her with friendly, encouraging expressions. She took a deep
breath and gave a small, hesitant nod.

"Okay," she whispered.
