---
title: Chapter 65
chapter_number: 00065
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Whispers Across Worlds**

The successful creation of the magically resonant alloy had energized
Tony. The basement, still a makeshift lab but now imbued with a faint
magical shimmer from the cooling ingot, became his primary focus.
Eleanor, having found a renewed sense of purpose after the attack, was a
constant presence, eager to learn and contribute.

*(Jarvis, begin a detailed analysis of the alloy's crystalline structure
and its interaction with ambient magic.)* Tony instructed mentally,
picking up the cooled ingot. It was surprisingly heavy, denser than he
expected, and felt strangely warm to the touch.

*(Analyzing, Sir. The alloy exhibits a complex crystalline lattice
structure, interwoven with traces of magical energy. The integration of
the dragon scale has fundamentally altered the material's resonant
frequency, bringing it into alignment with magical wavelengths. It is
also actively absorbing and amplifying ambient magical energy.)*

Tony spent the next few hours conducting various tests, using his own
focused visualizations to attempt to introduce different frequencies of
magical energy to the alloy. He visualized waves of magical energy
flowing into the material, shifting the frequency of his mental imagery
to see how the alloy responded. Eleanor watched intently, asking
questions and offering her own observations. She also tried visualizing
different types of magical energy interacting with the alloy, comparing
her experiences with Tony\'s.

Just then, a series of footsteps echoed down the basement stairs. Mr.
Miller entered first, carrying a small metal toolbox. "Got those metals
you asked for, Tony," he said, placing the box on the workbench. "Got
some steel, copper, silver, and a bit of nickel. Found a few other bits
and pieces that might be useful too."

Evan followed, carrying a small case. "Here are the silicon wafers and
some high-temperature polymers," he said. "Found some ceramic composites
as well, like I said."

Lily and Ms. Elara came last, carrying several small pouches and vials.
"We managed to get more moonstone, dragon scales, and unicorn hair,"
Lily said. "And we also found some Jobberknoll feathers, Dittany, Moly,
Bezoars, and a small amount of Fwooper feathers," Ms. Elara added.

Tony's eyes lit up as he surveyed the materials. "Perfect! This is
exactly what I need," he said. "Thanks, everyone. This is going to make
things a lot easier." He began sorting through the materials, organizing
them on the workbench. \"Now, where were we?\" he muttered to himself,
turning back to the alloy. He picked up a small piece and focused his
visualization, attempting to introduce a specific frequency of magical
energy. \"Let\'s see if we can get this to do what I want.\"

*(Sir, preliminary analysis suggests that when subjected to different
visualized frequencies of magical energy, the alloy generates measurable
fluctuations in the magical field.)* Jarvis reported.

"Fluctuations?" Tony muttered, intrigued. He tried a different
visualization, focusing on a rapid, pulsing flow of magical energy
directed at a small piece of the alloy. As he maintained the
visualization, Jarvis sensed a distinct oscillation in the surrounding
magical field.

*(Confirming, Sir. The alloy is acting as a magical oscillator,
generating fluctuations in the magical field when subjected to
visualized vibrations. The frequency of the fluctuations corresponds
directly to the visualized frequency.)*

"So, some materials can create magical vibrations... like a magical
tuning fork," Tony explained to Eleanor. He picked up a piece of copper
wire from the newly delivered materials. *(Jarvis, test the conductivity
of this copper wire with these magical fluctuations.)* he thought.

*(Testing, Sir. The copper wire exhibits minimal magical conductivity.
The fluctuations are significantly attenuated over even short
distances.)* Jarvis responded within Tony\'s mind.

Tony then tested a piece of silver wire, also from the new supplies.
*(Now the silver Jarvis.)* he thought.

*(Testing, Sir. The silver wire exhibits significantly higher magical
conductivity than the copper. The fluctuations are transmitted with
minimal attenuation.)*

"Silver... a magical conductor," Tony realized, speaking aloud. "Just
like in the old stories." He then continued testing other materials from
the gathered supplies, keeping his observations general, thinking to
himself, *(Jarvis, what about the dragon scale?)*

*(Sir, the dragon scale is emitting a distinct wave pattern in response
to the applied magical energy. The frequency of the emitted wave is
directly proportional to the intensity of the applied magical energy.)*

"It seems that the scale is emitting some kind of wave pattern in
response to the magic," Tony said aloud.

"So, if we could control the frequency of those waves..." Eleanor began,
her eyes widening. "We could send messages, right?"

"Exactly!" Tony exclaimed. "But how do we control the frequency? And how
do we make sure the signal is strong enough to travel over long
distances?"

Eleanor thought for a moment. "Well, if the dragon scale emits the waves
when we apply magic to it, maybe we could use the alloy to... to create
the right kind of magic to apply to the dragon scale?"

Tony considered this. "So, use the alloy as a... a modulator? To shape
the magical energy before it hits the dragon scale?" *(Jarvis, confirm
her hypothesis.)* he thought.

*(That is a logical hypothesis, Sir. If we can precisely control the
fluctuations generated by the alloy, we can effectively modulate the
emitted magical waves.)* Jarvis responded internally.

"But how do we make the signal strong enough?" Eleanor asked. "Wouldn't
it get weaker the further it travels?"

Tony paused. \"That\'s what\'s interesting. The readings I\'m getting
suggest there is no significant attenuation over distance. It seems that
magical waves don\'t weaken over distance like radio waves do.\"

\"So distance is not a problem?\" Eleanor asked.

\"Not if my calculations are right. The only thing that might interfere
with the signal is if there is another magical wave with a similar
frequency.\" Tony said.

"So, we need to find a way to make the signal unique, with a very
specific frequency," Eleanor concluded.

"I'm thinking we need something to... translate the received magical
waves," Tony said to Eleanor, tapping his pencil against his sketch.
"Something that can convert them into... well, ideally, sound."

Just then, Lily popped her head into the basement. "Hey, how's it
going?" she asked. She noticed the sketches and the various materials
spread across the workbench. "Whatcha working on?"

Tony explained his idea for a communication device and the need for a
way to convert the magical waves into sound.

"Hmm..." Lily pondered, looking at the materials. Her eyes landed on the
pouch of Fwooper feathers. "You know, Fwoopers are known for their
songs. They're supposed to be quite magical, though a bit... much if you
listen to them for too long."

"Songs?" Tony said, intrigued. He picked up a Fwooper feather and
focused his visualization, directing a small, controlled burst of
magical energy towards it. *(Jarvis, monitor the feather's response.)*
he thought.

*(Observing, Sir. The individual strands of the feather are vibrating in
response to the applied magical energy. The frequency of the vibration
appears to correlate directly with the frequency of the visualized
magical energy.)* Jarvis responded internally.

Tony repeated the experiment, varying the frequency of his
visualization. Each time, the feather strands vibrated at a
corresponding frequency. "That's it!" he exclaimed. "The feathers
vibrate in response to magical waves! We just need to find a way to
translate that vibration into sound."

Eleanor, who had been watching intently, suddenly had an idea. "What if
we... we did something like we did with the alloy?" she suggested. "We
could weave the feather strands together with something, and then...
infuse it with magic, like we did with the dragon scale and the steel.
To make it... resonate."

Tony considered this. "So, create a... a magical composite material that
vibrates when exposed to magical waves?"

"Exactly!" Eleanor said. She picked up some of the thin sheets of
polymer that Evan had brought. "We can weave the feathers into this
polymer, and then... I can try to infuse it with magic, like we did with
the alloy. To make it... resonate."

Tony nodded, a grin spreading across his face. "That's brilliant!"

Tony and Eleanor then set about creating the magical diaphragm. Eleanor
carefully separated the delicate strands of the Fwooper feathers and
began interweaving them with thin sheets of the polymer. As she worked,
she focused her magic, visualizing the strands bonding with the polymer
at a molecular level, directing her magic into the woven material. She
visualized the combined material becoming flexible and sensitive to
magical vibrations.

*(Sir, Eleanor\'s approach is creating a material with a highly specific
magical resonant frequency. It is highly likely that this material will
vibrate when exposed to magical waves with matching frequencies)* Jarvis
added internally.

He spent the next day meticulously constructing the device. It was small
enough to fit comfortably in the palm of his hand, encased in a durable
polymer casing sourced by Evan. One end of the device had a small
section where the dragon scale was placed to emit the waves, and the
other end had the newly created magical diaphragm. He focused on making
it as inconspicuous as possible, designing it to resemble a small,
ornate button.

Once the device was assembled, Tony prepared for testing. He set up two
devices at opposite ends of the basement. He activated the first device,
sending a simple test signal.

*(Sir, the signal is being transmitted. I am detecting no significant
attenuation over the distance.)* Jarvis reported.

Tony checked the second device. He could hear a faint, high-pitched tone
emanating from it. It was barely audible, but it was there.

He then tried introducing interference. He had Elara cast several
different spells in the vicinity of the devices, but none of them seemed
to affect the signal.

*(Sir, the signal remains unaffected. Only a magical wave with a similar
frequency appears capable of causing interference.)*

"So, it's not just about distance, it's about frequency," Tony realized.
"Like tuning a radio to the right station." He and Eleanor then spent
the next few hours calibrating the devices, establishing a secure
communication channel by setting a specific frequency for their
transmissions. They then proceeded to test the communication by sending
messages to each other using the device.

Tony held the device to his mouth and spoke clearly, "Testing, one, two,
three. Can you hear me, Eleanor?" The sound of his voice was converted
into magical fluctuations by the device, which then emitted the
corresponding magical wave.

At the other end of the basement, Eleanor held her device close to her
ear. The device received the magical wave, causing the magical diaphragm
to vibrate. The vibrations produced a faint sound.

\"I hear you, Tony!\" Eleanor replied, her eyes widening in surprise and
excitement. \"It\'s faint, but I can hear you perfectly!\"

Tony smiled, relieved and thrilled. He focused on the device in his
hand, sending another thought: *I think we've got something here.*

*(Indeed, Sir. This has the potential to revolutionize communication.)*
Jarvis responded, the thought echoing in Tony's mind.
