---
title: Chapter 26
chapter_number: 00026
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 26: New Beginnings**

*Past*

The fluorescent lights of the superstore hummed overhead, casting a
sterile glow on the aisles filled with colorful school supplies. Eleanor
trailed behind Mr. and Mrs. Miller, her hand clutching Rose tightly. The
store buzzed with the excited chatter of other children, their voices
echoing through the high ceilings. They darted between the aisles,
clutching brightly colored backpacks and overflowing shopping carts.
Eleanor felt a strange mix of excitement and unease. Everything was so
new, so different from what she was used to.

Mrs. Miller stopped in front of a display of backpacks, a warm smile on
her face. "Now, Eleanor, let's find you the perfect backpack for
school," she said gently.

Eleanor's gaze swept over the display. There were backpacks in every
color imaginable, covered in cartoon characters, sports logos, and
glittery designs. She felt overwhelmed. She instinctively reached out
and touched a plain, navy blue backpack tucked away at the end of the
rack. It was simple and unassuming, blending in with the background.

"How about this one?" she mumbled, her voice barely audible.

Mrs. Miller followed her gaze and smiled gently. "It's very practical,
dear," she said. "But don't you want something a little more... fun?
Something that expresses your personality?"

She gestured towards a vibrant purple backpack adorned with embroidered
flowers. "This one is lovely, don't you think?"

Eleanor hesitated. The purple backpack was beautiful, but it felt too...
much. Too bright, too attention-grabbing. She imagined the other
children staring at her, judging her choice.

"I... I like the blue one," she whispered, clutching Rose a little
tighter.

Mrs. Miller knelt down beside her, her expression soft and
understanding. "Eleanor," she said gently, "it's okay to want something
bright and colorful. You deserve to have something that makes you
happy."

Eleanor looked down at Rose, her fingers tracing the worn fabric of the
doll's dress. She remembered a faded memory of her grandmother, a warm
smile on her face, handing her Rose. *\"She said Rose would always be
there for me, no matter what.\"* The memory brought a faint warmth to
her chest.

She glanced back at the purple backpack. It did look pretty. Maybe...
maybe it wouldn't be so bad.

"Okay," she whispered, her voice a little stronger this time.

Mrs. Miller beamed and gently took the purple backpack from the display.
"Wonderful!" she said. "Now, let's find you a matching lunchbox and
pencil case."

As they continued through the aisles, Eleanor's gaze kept drifting back
to the purple backpack in Mrs. Miller's hand. A small flutter of
excitement stirred within her, mixed with a persistent undercurrent of
anxiety. She watched other children excitedly chattering with their
parents, pointing at different items, their faces lit up with joy. She
wondered if she would ever feel that carefree, that truly happy.

*Present*

The classroom buzzed with the low hum of voices, a sound that usually
made Eleanor's stomach clench. It wasn't a bad sound, not like the
shouting she sometimes remembered, but it was still... loud. Too many
voices, too many eyes. She sat at her desk, Rose nestled safely in her
lap beneath the table, her fingers tracing the worn fabric of the doll's
dress. The purple backpack, now slightly scuffed from a few weeks of
use, hung on the back of her chair. It wasn't so scary anymore, the
purple. Sometimes, she even thought it looked... nice.

Ms. Peterson, their teacher, was reading a story about a little bear who
went on an adventure. Eleanor tried to focus on the words, on the bear's
clumsy paws and his rumbling tummy, but her mind kept wandering. She
glanced over at Tony, who was sitting a few desks away, his brow
furrowed in concentration as he listened to the story. He caught her eye
and offered a small, reassuring smile. Eleanor quickly looked away, a
faint blush warming her cheeks. He was always doing that, smiling at
her, checking on her. It made her feel... strange. Not bad, exactly, but
strange. Like she was being watched, but in a good way.

*He's just being nice,* she thought, her fingers tightening around Rose.
*He's nice to everyone.*

During recess, Tony found her by the big oak tree on the edge of the
playground. Billy and Sarah were already there, chasing each other
around the trunk, their laughter echoing through the air. Eleanor
watched them, a pang of longing in her chest. They seemed so free, so
unburdened. Like nothing could ever bother them.

"Hey, Eleanor!" Tony said, his smile bright. He sat down beside her,
leaning against the rough bark of the tree. "What are you doing?"

"Just... watching," Eleanor mumbled, her gaze fixed on Billy and Sarah.

"They're playing tag," Tony said. "Do you want to join them?"

Eleanor shook her head quickly. "No, thank you." The thought of running
and shouting, of being the center of attention, made her feel panicky.

Sarah, noticing them, ran over, her face flushed with excitement.
"Eleanor! Come play! It's really fun!"

Eleanor hesitated. Sarah's invitation sounded genuine, but a small voice
in the back of her head whispered, *They don't really want you there.
You'll just mess things up.*

"Maybe later," she mumbled, looking down at her hands.

Tony placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. "It's okay if you don't want
to," he said softly. "But we'd really like you to play with us."

Eleanor glanced up at him, her eyes searching his face. He looked
sincere, his green eyes filled with kindness. But still...

*What if I do something wrong? What if they get tired of me?* she
thought, her heart pounding in her chest.

Billy ran over, out of breath. "Yeah, Eleanor! Come on! We'll be on your
team!"

Seeing both their faces looking at her, she felt a strange warmth spread
through her chest. It was a new feeling. She felt... wanted. It was a
very small feeling, almost like a tiny spark, but it was there.

She took a deep breath. "Okay," she whispered, her voice barely audible.

She stood up slowly, clutching Rose tightly in one hand. As she walked
towards Billy and Sarah, she felt Tony walk beside her, his presence a
comforting weight next to her. She even dared to look up at Tony and
gave him a small smile. He returned the smile with a wide grin. For a
moment, she felt a sense of lightness and belonging that she hadn't felt
in a long time.

But as they approached the other children playing on the playground,
Eleanor noticed a group of kids whispering and glancing in her
direction. Her stomach clenched. *They're talking about me,* she
thought, her newfound confidence instantly crumbling. *They're laughing
at me.* She could feel her palms starting to sweat, and her breath
hitched in her throat. She looked down at her feet, scuffing the toe of
her shoe against the grass. The small spark of hope that had flickered
inside her just moments ago was now a tiny ember, threatened by a cold
wind. She wanted to turn back, to retreat to the safety of the oak tree,
to disappear. Maybe she should have just stayed there. They were right.
She didn't belong here. She never would.

She could hear snatches of their whispers -- "...new girl..." "...always
quiet..." -- though she couldn't make out the exact words. It didn\'t
matter. She knew what they were saying. They were judging her, finding
her strange and different. Just like everyone always did.

Tony, sensing her sudden shift in mood, gently squeezed her hand.
"Everything okay?" he asked softly.

Eleanor quickly pulled her hand away, not wanting him to see the tears
that were starting to prick at her eyes. She shook her head slightly,
unable to meet his gaze. She just wanted to go somewhere and hide. She
wanted to be invisible again.
