---
title: Chapter 34
chapter_number: 34
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 34: A Shared Meal**

The local community center's annual summer picnic was a chaotic symphony
of sounds: children's excited shrieks, the tinny music blaring from the
makeshift speakers, the incessant buzzing of flies drawn to the sugary
treats on display. Tony, however, was oblivious to the general mayhem.
He was crouched behind the picnic's makeshift stage, his brow furrowed
in concentration as he examined the tangled mess of wires connecting the
sound system.

*"A rather... haphazard setup," Jarvis commented dryly in his mind. "One
would think they could afford a more professionally designed system."*

*"It's functional," Tony thought back, tracing a frayed wire with his
finger. "Though I could certainly improve it."*

He was so engrossed in his analysis that he almost didn't notice the
small figure that had approached him. A pair of worn canvas shoes
appeared in his peripheral vision, followed by a faded, floral-print
dress. He looked up, and his eyes widened slightly in surprise. It was
Eleanor. She stood there quietly, clutching a worn cloth doll with
button eyes and stitched hair.

She didn't say anything, just watched him with large, dark eyes. Tony,
momentarily taken aback by her presence, hesitated for a moment before
offering a brief explanation of what he was doing.

"This is the amplifier," he said, pointing to a large metal box. "It
takes the weak electrical signal from the microphone and makes it
stronger so that the speakers can produce sound." He pointed to the
tangled wires. "The wiring is inefficient. There are several unnecessary
loops and connections, which can cause signal loss and distortion."

He expected her to look confused, as most children her age would.
Instead, her brow furrowed slightly, and she asked, in a small, quiet
voice, "But wouldn't a parallel circuit be more efficient in this
situation?"

Tony blinked, genuinely surprised. "Yes," he replied, his surprise
evident in his voice. "A parallel circuit would distribute the load more
evenly and minimize signal loss. How did you...?"

Eleanor hesitated, her gaze shifting to the worn cloth doll clutched in
her hand. She traced a worn patch on the doll's dress, her expression
distant for a moment, as if lost in a memory. \"I\... I read it
somewhere,\" she murmured softly.

Their unusual conversation drew the attention of Lily, who had been
searching for Tony. She approached them, a warm smile on her face.
"Tony, there you are," she said, then turned her attention to Eleanor.
"And hello, dear. I don't think we've met."

A woman with kind eyes and a warm smile approached as well. \"Hello, I
am Sarah Miller. And this is my daughter Eleanor.\"

"I'm Lily Evans, and this is my son, Tony," Lily replied, extending a
hand to Sarah.

The two mothers struck up a conversation easily, finding common ground
in their shared experiences as parents. They talked about their
children, their interests, and the challenges of raising them in a busy
world.

A few weeks later, Lily was at the local grocery store, carefully
selecting fresh produce when she heard a familiar voice.

"Lily! How wonderful to see you!" It was Sarah Miller.

"Sarah! What a pleasant surprise," Lily replied, smiling warmly.

"We were just talking about you the other day," Sarah said. "David and I
were thinking we'd love to have you and Tony over for dinner. The kids
seem to get along so well, and it would be nice for us to spend some
more time together."

Lily beamed. "That sounds lovely! We'd be delighted."

They exchanged a few more pleasantries and settled on a date for the
following Saturday. Now, that Saturday had arrived, and the Miller's
house was filled with the aroma of freshly baked lasagna, a warm and
inviting scent that mingled with the sounds of laughter and chatter. The
dining table, usually occupied by just the Miller family, was now
extended, accommodating the Evans family for a casual Saturday evening
dinner.

Evan and David Miller were deep in conversation, animatedly discussing
the merits of different power tool brands. "You can't beat a good
cordless drill," David insisted, gesturing with his fork. "The freedom
of movement is unparalleled."

"Oh, I don't know," Evan countered, a thoughtful expression on his face.
"A corded drill still provides more consistent power, especially for
heavier tasks."

Lily and Sarah Miller sat across from them, sharing stories about their
children. "Emily's been obsessed with horses lately," Sarah said,
chuckling. "She's drawn pictures of them all week. She even wants to
start riding lessons."

"That's wonderful!" Lily replied, smiling warmly. "Tony's been... well,
Tony's been Tony. Always tinkering with something or reading some
incredibly dense book."

*"Indeed," Jarvis commented in Tony's mind. "My current analysis of
quantum entanglement is proving rather... absorbing."*

*"Try to keep it to yourself, Jarvis," Tony thought back dryly. "I doubt
anyone here would appreciate a lecture on theoretical physics during
dinner."*

The children, Tony, Eleanor, Emily, and Ethan, sat at the end of the
table, their conversation a mix of school stories, video game
discussions, and shared jokes. Emily, ever the energetic one, was
excitedly recounting a funny incident from her soccer practice. Ethan,
slightly more reserved, listened attentively, occasionally adding his
own comments.

Eleanor, with Rose resting comfortably in her lap, was actively
participating in the conversation, a genuine smile gracing her lips. She
laughed at Emily's jokes and offered her own quiet observations. Tony,
while intellectually several years ahead of the other children,
interacted with them patiently and kindly. He didn't talk down to them
or try to show off his knowledge. Instead, he listened attentively,
asked thoughtful questions, and offered gentle encouragement.

"Remember that time Mr. Davies showed us how to make a volcano erupt?"
Emily asked, giggling. "Ethan accidentally set off the fire alarm!"

Ethan groaned, his face turning slightly red. "It was an accident!" he
protested. "I just added a little too much baking soda."

Tony chuckled. "A classic case of uncontrolled exothermic reaction," he
commented dryly.

Emily and Ethan looked at him with slightly confused expressions. "Uh...
yeah," Emily said, nodding slowly.

Eleanor, however, understood Tony's subtle joke and giggled softly. It
was a small moment of shared understanding, a connection between them
that went beyond the simple conversation of children.

The meal continued with more laughter and shared stories. The atmosphere
was warm and welcoming, a testament to the genuine connection between
the two families. Eleanor, in particular, seemed to blossom in this
environment. She was more relaxed, more outgoing, more... happy. It was
clear that she felt comfortable and accepted by both the Evans and the
Millers, a feeling she had rarely experienced in her life.

From across the street, partially obscured by the branches of a large
oak tree, Silas observed the scene. He watched as the two families
interacted, their laughter and conversation carrying faintly on the
evening breeze. He saw the children playing, the parents chatting, the
overall atmosphere one of warmth and contentment.

*"A typical No-Maj gathering," Silas thought, a slight frown creasing
his brow. "Two families sharing a meal. Nothing out of the ordinary."*
He focused his attention on Eleanor, noting her interactions with Tony.
*"Subject E seems particularly comfortable in the Evans boy's presence.
There is a strong bond between them."* He consulted his small notebook,
making a brief entry. *"Still no overt signs of magical activity. But
their connection warrants continued observation."* He lowered his gaze,
blending back into the shadows, a silent observer in the quiet suburban
evening.
