---
title: Chapter 14
chapter_number: 14
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 14: A Night in Bethlehem (1986)**

The kindergarten classroom was transformed. Rows of tiny chairs faced
the makeshift stage, bathed in the warm, slightly flickering glow of the
Christmas tree lights. The air thrummed with a unique blend of
excitement and parental pride. Parents, grandparents, and even a few
younger siblings filled the room, their hushed conversations creating a
gentle hum. The scent of pine needles and warm apple cider, served on a
small table near the entrance, added to the festive atmosphere.

Behind the curtain, a controlled chaos reigned. Ms. Johnson, looking
slightly less harried than during the dress rehearsal, made final
adjustments to costumes and whispered words of encouragement. "Remember
to speak loudly and have fun!" she repeated, her voice a little strained
but her smile genuine.

Sarah, her angel wings shimmering under the lights, practically vibrated
with excitement, bouncing on the balls of her feet and nearly knocking
over a stack of spare halos. Billy, clutching his shepherd's crook, took
deep breaths, his eyes wide with a mixture of anticipation and stage
fright. The three wise men, their crowns secured with extra tape after
yesterday's near-disasters, whispered jokes, their nervous giggles
barely audible. Two other children, dressed as sheep with fluffy cotton
ball coats, practiced their "baa-ing" in hushed tones. A little girl,
dressed in a simple blue robe and a headscarf, sat quietly in a corner,
holding a doll wrapped in a white cloth---Mary. Another boy, slightly
taller than the others, stood beside her, adjusting his simple brown
robe---Joseph.

Tony, in his slightly oversized narrator's robe, stood calmly in the
wings, his script held loosely in his hand. A familiar sense of focus
settled over him, a feeling that transcended his current form. He
glanced at the children, offering a reassuring smile and a subtle
thumbs-up. They returned the gesture, their eyes shining with a mixture
of nervousness and trust.

Ms. Johnson took her place at the side of the stage, a warm smile on her
face. She raised her hand, signaling for quiet. The room gradually
hushed, all eyes turning towards the stage.

"Welcome, everyone," Ms. Johnson announced, her voice warm and
welcoming. "We're so thrilled you could join us today for our annual
Christmas play. These wonderful children have worked so hard to bring
this special story to life, and we're so excited to share it with you."
She gave Tony a nod, his cue.

Tony stepped onto the stage, the soft glow of the Christmas lights
illuminating his face. He took a deep breath and began.

"In the town of Bethlehem, long ago..." he began, his voice clear and
resonant, filling the room. "...a very special night was about to
unfold. The stars twinkled brightly in the night sky, watching over the
sleeping town."

*(Scene: A simple backdrop of a starry night. Two shepherds, Billy and
another child, Thomas, stand looking up at the sky.)*

Tony (narrating): "Two shepherds, watching their flocks by night, were
startled by an unusually bright star."

Billy, remembering to look up and point, proclaimed, "We saw the star!
It's the biggest, shiniest star I've ever seen!" He pointed with such
enthusiasm that his crook nearly poked Thomas in the nose, who yelped
and took a small step back.

Thomas, recovering quickly, added, "It's like a giant diamond in the
sky!"

*(Scene: Sarah, as the angel, enters, her wings shimmering. Emily joins
her, also dressed as an angel.)*

Tony (narrating): "Suddenly, a brilliant angel appeared before them,
accompanied by another heavenly messenger, bringing a message of great
importance."

Sarah, remembering Tony's advice, took a deep breath and delivered her
lines with a gentle, ethereal tone. "Fear not," she said, her voice
carrying a sense of wonder. "For behold, I bring you tidings of great
joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the
city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord." Â 

Emily, standing slightly behind Sarah, nodded enthusiastically, her own
small wings fluttering slightly.

A small child in the audience, captivated by Sarah's wings, whispered
loudly to their mother, "Mommy, look! Sparkles!" The mother shushed them
gently, smiling.

*(Scene: The shepherds make their way towards the stable. Two other
children, Ben and Noah, dressed as sheep, follow closely behind,
occasionally bleating softly.)*

Tony (narrating): "The shepherds, filled with awe and wonder, and
followed by their flock, decided to follow the star, eager to see this
newborn king."

Billy and Thomas walked slowly across the stage, their eyes fixed on the
glittery backdrop. Ben and Noah, the sheep, trailed behind them,
occasionally bumping into each other and letting out soft "baa" sounds.

*(Scene: The manger scene. Mary and Joseph are already present. Mary is
holding the baby doll.)*

Tony (narrating): "They arrived at a humble stable, where they found
Mary and Joseph."

Mary looked down at the doll in her arms with a gentle smile. Joseph
stood beside her, his expression protective and loving.

*(Scene: The Shepherds and sheep arrive at the manger)*

Tony (Narrating): \"The Shepherds and their flock arrived at the manger,
eager to see the newborn king.\"

Billy and Thomas knelt beside Mary, their faces filled with reverence.
Ben and Noah, the sheep, huddled nearby, looking on with wide, curious
eyes.

*(Scene: Mary gently places the baby doll in the manger.)*

Tony (Narrating): \"Mary gently laid the baby Jesus in the manger, a bed
of soft hay prepared for him.\"

Mary carefully placed the doll in the manger.

*(Scene: The wise men enter from different directions.)*

Tony (narrating): "From the East, three wise men, guided by the same
bright star, also journeyed to Bethlehem, bearing precious gifts of
gold, frankincense, and myrrh."

The wise men, remembering Tony's "car path" demonstration, entered
smoothly from different sides of the stage. However, as they presented
their gifts to the "baby Jesus," Timmy, the smallest wise man, got so
caught up in the festive atmosphere that he started humming "Jingle
Bells" under his breath, swaying slightly to the rhythm.

Tony, without missing a beat, ad-libbed, "And the wise men, filled with
the spirit of the season, their hearts overflowing with joyous melodies,
some of which they could not contain, presented their gifts to the
newborn king."

The audience chuckled softly, Ms. Johnson giving Tony a discreet wink. A
few parents exchanged amused glances, recognizing the familiar tune.

*(Scene: All the characters gather around the manger.)*

Tony (narrating): "And so, in a humble stable in Bethlehem, the story of
Christmas began, a story of hope, love, and the birth of a king, a story
that continues to bring joy to hearts around the world."

All the children gathered around the manger, their faces beaming. The
audience erupted into enthusiastic applause, some wiping away happy
tears.

Ms. Johnson stepped forward, her face radiant. "Thank you, everyone!"
she said, her voice filled with emotion. "I am so incredibly proud of
these amazing children! They did a wonderful job!"

The parents surged forward, showering the children with praise and hugs.
Sarah ran to Tony, her eyes sparkling. "We did it, Tony!" she exclaimed,
giving him a quick hug.

Billy, his earlier nervousness completely forgotten, grinned. "That was
so much fun!"

Later, after the crowd had thinned, a man and woman approached Ms.
Johnson, each with a warm smile. The man extended his hand. "Hello, I'm
Evan," he said.

"And I'm Lily," the woman added, smiling at Ms. Johnson. "We're Tony's
parents."

Ms. Johnson returned their smiles. "It's so nice to finally meet you
both formally," she said, shaking Evan's hand and then Lily's. "I wanted
to speak with you about Tony. He's been such a wonderful addition to our
class, and he was absolutely fantastic in the play today. He has a real
talent for... well, for many things, actually. I've been very impressed
with his abilities. I believe he would greatly benefit from being
challenged further academically. I'd like to recommend him for early
enrollment in first grade."

Evan and Lily exchanged surprised but pleased glances. Lily turned to
look at Tony, who was now talking animatedly with Sarah and Billy, a
small smile playing on her lips. A mixture of pride and a hint of
sadness filled her eyes. It seemed her little boy was growing up
quickly.
