---
title: Chapter 17
chapter_number: 00017
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 17: The Empty Plate**

The lunchroom was a battlefield of noise and smells. The clatter of
trays, the high-pitched shrieks of laughter, the competing aromas of
sloppy joes and tater tots created a chaotic atmosphere. Tony sat at a
table with two other boys, Mark and David. Mark, a freckled kid with a
perpetually messy mop of red hair, was enthusiastically describing a
video game he'd gotten for Christmas, complete with sound effects --
laser blasts, explosions, and digitized screams. David, quieter and more
studious, listened intently, occasionally interjecting with technical
questions about the game\'s graphics and processing power.

"And then, *boom!*" Mark shouted, slamming his fist on the table, making
the other kids at the table jump. "The alien spaceship just explodes
into a million pieces! It was awesome!"

David adjusted his glasses. "But how did the game handle the rendering
of so many individual particles?" he asked, his brow furrowed in
concentration. "The processing power of the console at that time..."

Tony picked at his peanut butter and jelly sandwich, slicing it into
neat triangles. He listened politely to Mark's enthusiastic narration
and David's technical analysis, but his attention kept drifting to a
girl sitting alone at a nearby table. Eleanor.

She had barely touched her lunch. A small carton of milk sat unopened
beside a half-eaten sandwich, the bread crusts curled up at the edges.
She stared down at the plate, her expression blank, almost as if she
didn\'t see the food at all. She picked at a loose string on her
sweater, her fingers twisting and untwisting it nervously.

"Earth to Tony!" Mark waved a hand in front of his face, breaking his
train of thought. "You okay? You've been staring into space for the past
five minutes."

"Sorry," Tony mumbled, shaking his head slightly. "Just... thinking."

"About what?" David asked, tilting his head slightly.

Tony hesitated. He didn't want to explain his preoccupation with the
quiet girl at the other table. "Just... stuff," he mumbled.

He glanced back at Eleanor. She was still staring at her plate, her face
pale. She was almost completely still, like a statue. The way she was
just... sitting there, not eating, not talking, not even looking
around... something about it tugged at something in Tony's memory. It
wasn\'t a memory of *his*, exactly, but a feeling, a deep-seated echo
of... what? Loneliness? Isolation? An almost suffocating sense of being
utterly alone in a vast, empty expanse.

*Jarvis,* he thought silently, *can you... see her? From your
perspective? What do you see?*

*Her... presence is fractured, Sir,* Jarvis's calm, disembodied voice
responded in his mind. *Like a shattered mirror. There are... gaps,
inconsistencies. A deep well of sadness, and... fear. But also... a
flicker of something else. A spark. It is... heavily guarded.*

The image of her untouched lunch, so stark against the brightly colored
tray, triggered something within Eleanor herself. It was the emptiness,
the lack of attention, the feeling of being overlooked that resonated
with a memory buried deep within her.

A long, scarred wooden table, stretching endlessly into the dimness of a
large, echoing room. The air was thick with the smell of overcooked
vegetables and a faint, lingering scent of disinfectant. Younger
Eleanor, perhaps five or six years old, sat at the table, her small
frame swallowed by the oversized chair. Empty plates and half-eaten
portions of food were scattered haphazardly across the table\'s surface,
remnants of a meal that had clearly ended some time ago. Some plates
were overturned, food smeared across the table creating a disgusting
mess. A single, flickering fluorescent light buzzed overhead, casting
long, distorted shadows across the room, making everything seem unreal,
like a bad dream.

Around the table, Mrs. Henderson sat rigidly, her lips pressed into a
thin line. She held a thick, worn book in her lap -- a book of rules,
Eleanor knew, rules that governed every aspect of their lives, rules
that seemed designed to crush any spark of joy or spontaneity. Mr.
Henderson stood behind Eleanor, his presence looming over her like a
dark cloud, his shadow falling across her plate.

"Eleanor," Mrs. Henderson said, her voice sharp and cold, cutting
through the silence like a knife, "you know the rules. No talking at the
table unless you are spoken to. And you are to finish every bite on your
plate. Waste is a sin."

Eleanor's stomach churned. The food on her plate, a greyish stew with
lumps of unidentifiable vegetables, looked and smelled unappetizing. She
had tried to eat some of it, but it was difficult to swallow, each bite
feeling like a lead weight in her stomach. She felt a knot of anxiety
tightening in her chest, her breath catching in her throat. Her small
hands clenched in her lap.

"I... I can't," she whispered, her voice barely audible, a tiny plea for
understanding that went unheard.

Mr. Henderson's hand landed heavily on her shoulder, his grip tightening
painfully, his fingers digging into her small bones. "Don't you dare
disobey me," he hissed in her ear, his breath hot and stale against her
skin. "You *will* eat it. Every last bite."

Eleanor's eyes welled up with tears, but she blinked them back, knowing
that crying would only make things worse, would only bring more
punishment, more coldness. She forced herself to swallow another
spoonful of the stew, gagging slightly as it went down, the taste and
texture making her want to vomit.

"That's better," Mrs. Henderson said, her voice laced with a false
sweetness that sent a shiver down Eleanor's spine. It was a tone she
used when she wanted to appear kind to outsiders, a mask that hid the
coldness beneath. "Now, let's not have any more trouble, shall we?" She
turned her attention to a different part of the rule book, muttering
something about "proper posture" and "respect for elders," her words
like a litany of control.

Eleanor sat quietly, her stomach churning, her throat tight with unshed
tears. She glanced at the uneaten food on the table, a piece of bread
crust here, a smear of stew there, but she didn\'t reach for anything.
The food now felt repulsive, tainted by the fear and the humiliation.
She felt a heavy weight in her chest, a feeling of being invisible, of
not mattering. It was as if she wasn\'t even there. The emptiness of the
plate in front of her seemed to mirror the emptiness inside her. The
constant threat of punishment, the subtle but persistent reminders of
her worthlessness, had chipped away at her spirit, leaving her feeling
small, insignificant, and deeply afraid.

Back in the bustling lunchroom, Tony's gaze softened. He watched Eleanor
as she continued to stare at her plate. The way she just sat there, so
still, so withdrawn, made something click in his mind. *She's not just
not hungry,* he thought. *She's... somewhere else.* He felt a surge
of... something. Not quite anger, not quite sadness, but a deep sense of
injustice. The memory of her fractured presence, as Jarvis had described
it, echoed in his mind. *A deep well of sadness, and... fear.* He
clenched his small fists under the table, a flicker of... something...
sparking within him. It was a familiar sensation, a warmth spreading
through his chest, a feeling of... power.

He thought about his own abilities. He had not yet tried to actively use
his magic. It felt... dangerous, somehow, like a wild animal straining
at its leash. But seeing Eleanor like this, so small and vulnerable,
made him wonder... could he use it to help her? Could he somehow ease
her pain? He decided he would try it out later, somewhere private,
somewhere he wouldn\'t accidentally set the lunchroom on fire.

*Jarvis,* he thought, his brow furrowed in concentration, *you said it's
tied to my emotional state. My intent. How do I... focus that? How do I
control it?*

*Focus on your intent, Sir,* Jarvis responded, his voice calm and
reassuring. *What do you wish to achieve? Let that be your guide.*

Tony's gaze returned to Eleanor. He didn't know how he could help her,
not exactly, but he knew he wanted to. He wanted to reach out, to offer
her some small measure of comfort. He glanced down at his apple, which
he hadn't touched. He took a bite, then hesitated, his gaze lingering on
Eleanor. He carefully cut the remaining half into smaller slices, a
simple act of kindness fueled by a burgeoning sense of purpose.

He stood up, tray in hand, and walked over to her table. He placed his
tray down gently beside her untouched lunch.

"Hi," he said quietly, not wanting to startle her. He gestured to the
apple slices. "I'm not that hungry. Do you want some?"

Eleanor's head snapped up, her eyes widening in surprise. She looked at
the apple slices, then at Tony, her expression a mixture of confusion
and disbelief. She hesitated for a long moment, her gaze darting between
the apple and Tony's face. Then, slowly, almost imperceptibly, she
nodded. She reached out a hesitant hand and picked up a small slice. She
took a tiny bite, her eyes still fixed on Tony.
