---
title: Chapter 39
chapter_number: 00039
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **A Shared Secret, A Shared Understanding**

The last rays of the setting sun faded below the horizon, leaving the
porch bathed in the soft glow of twilight. The crickets chirped their
evening chorus, and a gentle breeze rustled the leaves in the nearby
trees. Tony and Eleanor sat in comfortable silence for a moment, the
weight of their shared secret settling around them like a comfortable
blanket.

*"Well, sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in Tony's mind, "it appears you have
successfully initiated another individual into the... 'magical arts,' as
it were."*

*"It wasn't exactly a formal initiation," Tony thought back, a small
smile playing on his lips. "More like... a quiet revelation."*

*"Regardless," Jarvis replied, "the implications are significant. You
now have a... 'partner in crime,' if I may use such a colloquialism."*

*"Partner in magic," Tony corrected mentally. "And it's not crime.
It's... learning. Exploring."*

"So," Tony began, breaking the silence softly, "how do we do this?"

Eleanor looked at him, her expression a mix of excitement and
apprehension. "Do what?" she asked.

"Keep it a secret," Tony clarified. "And... you know... practice."

Eleanor's brow furrowed slightly. "I don't know," she admitted. "I've
never kept a secret like this before."

*"Perhaps you could suggest a secret handshake?" Jarvis offered
helpfully. "Or a coded language? That would certainly enhance the...
'secret society' aspect."*

*"I don't think that's necessary, Jarvis," Tony thought back,
suppressing a chuckle. "We're not trying to start a cult."*

"It's like... a special club," Tony suggested to Eleanor, trying to
lighten the mood. "A club with only two members. And the password is...
well, we'll figure out a password later."

Eleanor giggled softly at that, a genuine smile finally gracing her
lips. "Okay," she said. "A secret club."

*"Perhaps 'The Order of the Trembling Fern'?" Jarvis suggested. "Or 'The
Society of Levitating Leaves'?"*

*"Jarvis, please," Tony thought, shaking his head slightly. "Focus."*

"First rule of secret club," Tony continued, holding up a finger, "no
telling anyone. Not even Emily or Ethan. Or your foster parents. Or my
parents. No one."

Eleanor nodded solemnly. "I understand," she said. "It's... for our own
safety."

"Exactly," Tony agreed. "And the second rule... we help each other.
We'll learn together, we'll practice together, and we'll keep each other
safe."

"Like a team?" Eleanor asked, her eyes lighting up.

"Yeah," Tony said, smiling. "Like a team. A magical team."

*"A team of two," Jarvis commented. "A rather... exclusive team,
wouldn't you say?"*

*"It's a start," Tony thought. "Besides, quality over quantity, right?"*

They sat in silence for another moment, the idea of their "magical team"
settling between them. Eleanor looked down at Rose, tracing the worn
pattern on the doll's dress.

"What if... what if I can't do it?" she asked quietly, her voice laced
with doubt. "What if I'm not... good at it?"

Tony reached out and gently placed his hand on her shoulder. "You can,"
he said firmly. "I know you can. You already did it, remember? With the
fern. It just takes practice. And I'll be there to help you every step
of the way."

*"An admirable display of confidence, sir," Jarvis observed. "Though
perhaps a touch premature. We have yet to fully understand Eleanor's
magical potential."*

*"I have a good feeling about this, Jarvis," Tony thought back.
"Besides, she needs the encouragement."*

Eleanor looked up at him, her eyes meeting his. A spark of confidence
flickered in her eyes, fueled by Tony's unwavering belief in her.

"Okay," she said, a newfound determination in her voice. "Let's do it.
Let's learn magic."

"We should probably figure out some basic stuff first," Tony mused.
"Like... how to control it. We don\'t want any more... fern incidents."

Eleanor giggled again, the tension from earlier finally dissipating.
"Definitely no more fern incidents," she agreed.

*"Perhaps a magical containment field?" Jarvis suggested. "A small,
personal bubble of anti-magic, just in case things get... out of hand."*

*"Jarvis, I highly doubt we'll need a containment field for basic
visualization exercises," Tony thought, rolling his eyes mentally.*

"Maybe we should start with visualization," Tony suggested to Eleanor.
"That's what I've been working on. Focusing on what you want to happen,
picturing it in your mind."

"Like... imagining the leaf floating?" Eleanor asked, remembering his
demonstration from earlier.

"Exactly," Tony said. "The clearer the image in your mind, the easier it
is to... make it happen." He paused, considering. "Maybe we can try
something simple. Like... trying to make a small flame appear. It's a
good way to start learning to control the energy."

"A flame?" Eleanor's eyes widened slightly. "Like... a real fire?"

"A small one," Tony reassured her. "Just a flicker. We'll start small
and work our way up. It's all about control."

*"Perhaps we should invest in a fire extinguisher," Jarvis muttered.
"Just as a precautionary measure."*

*"Jarvis," Tony thought firmly, "enough with the safety protocols. We're
not going to set anything on fire."*

They discussed their plans further, deciding to meet regularly in secret
to practice. They agreed to start with visualization exercises and then
move on to simple object manipulation and elemental control. They talked
about the importance of secrecy again, reinforcing their pact to keep
their magic hidden from the world.

Across the street, Silas observed the Miller's house from his usual
vantage point. He had been conducting a routine check, monitoring
Eleanor's activities. He noticed that she seemed much more animated than
she had earlier in the day. She was talking and laughing with the Evans
boy, her earlier distress seemingly forgotten. He saw them exchanging
knowing glances, a subtle communication passing between them that he
couldn't decipher.

*"Their interaction is... markedly different," Silas observed, making a
note in his small notebook. "Subject E appears to be in a significantly
improved mood. They are exchanging knowing glances. It is highly
probable that a significant event has transpired between them."* He
paused, his expression thoughtful. *"While I have no concrete evidence
of further magical activity, their changed demeanor reinforces my
suspicion that something of consequence has occurred. I must continue my
observation."*

Back on the porch, Tony and Eleanor sealed their pact with a firm
handshake, a silent promise passing between them. They were no longer
just friends. They were partners in a secret, a shared journey into the
unknown world of magic.
