---
title: Chapter 66
chapter_number: 00066
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Shadows of Doubt**

Two days had passed since the attack, two long days filled with anxious
whispers and the constant fear of another assault. The immediate
aftermath had been a blur of frantic activity: Elara working tirelessly
to repair the damage, Tony throwing himself into his work, driven by a
desperate need to create something, anything, that could protect them.
The previous day had been spent rebuilding, reinforcing, and preparing.
Now, on this second morning, a heavy stillness had settled over the
Miller household, a suffocating calm before what felt like an inevitable
storm.

The morning sun, usually a welcome sight, cast long, unsettling shadows
across the Miller living room. The physical reminders of the attack were
gone -- the shattered windowpanes replaced, the scorch marks on the lawn
vanished under Elara's practiced wand movements -- but the psychological
wounds were still raw.

Elara had spent the entire night reinforcing the wards around the house.
They shimmered almost imperceptibly, layer upon layer of magical
protection woven into the very fabric of the building. Yet, even she
couldn't shake the feeling of vulnerability, a sense that they were
merely patching a dam about to burst.

The group had gathered in the living room, their faces etched with
worry. Ms. Ramirez sat beside Mr. and Mrs. Miller, her hand resting
reassuringly on Mrs. Miller's arm. Mr. Miller, usually a jovial man,
stared blankly at the floor, his shoulders slumped. Mrs. Miller's eyes
were red and swollen, and she occasionally dabbed at them with a
handkerchief. Evan paced restlessly by the window, his gaze fixed on the
quiet suburban street outside, as if expecting the attackers to return
at any moment. Lily sat beside him, her hand resting gently on his arm,
a silent offering of support. Tony and Eleanor sat together on the
couch, exchanging worried glances, their hands clasped tightly.

Elara cleared her throat, drawing everyone's attention. The silence that
followed was heavy, punctuated only by the soft ticking of a grandfather
clock in the hallway. "There's... something I need to tell you all," she
began, her voice grave. "Something that might offer us a way forward."
She paused, taking a deep breath, as if gathering her courage. "I have
connections within MACUSA."

A ripple of surprise went through the room. "MACUSA?" Mr. Miller asked,
his brow furrowed. "Isn't that... the magical government in America?"

Elara nodded. "Yes. The Magical Congress of the United States of
America. I worked for them, in the Department of Magical Law
Enforcement." She paused, choosing her words carefully. "I could
potentially contact them, inform them of what's happened. They have
resources, Aurors... they could help us."

The room fell silent once more. The prospect of involving MACUSA was a
double-edged sword. It offered the promise of powerful protection, a
force capable of confronting the Scourers directly. But it also carried
the risk of exposing the Millers and Evan to the magical world, a
revelation that could have devastating consequences.

"What about... the law?" Mrs. Miller asked, her voice barely a whisper,
her eyes filled with fear. "The Rappaport's Law, isn't it? The one that
says No-Majs can't know about magic?"

Elara's expression turned grim. "It's called the Statute of Secrecy, and
it's paramount. It exists to protect both the magical and No-Maj
communities. If MACUSA becomes officially involved, they would be
obligated to enforce the statute. That means... obliviating you and the
Evans."

A heavy silence descended upon the room, the weight of the potential
consequences pressing down on everyone. The Millers and Evan exchanged
worried glances, their faces pale. The thought of having their memories
erased, their lives irrevocably altered, was a terrifying prospect.

Tony, who had been listening intently, finally broke the silence. He
reached into his pocket and pulled out two small, intricately designed
devices, each no bigger than a button. They were made of a dark,
metallic material that shimmered faintly in the light, with delicate
engravings etched into their surfaces. "There might be another way," he
said, holding them up for everyone to see. "I finished them."

He held up one of the devices, explaining its functionality. "These are
communication devices, based on the magically resonant alloy we created.
They transmit magical waves, which means they can bypass most
conventional forms of detection. They're also incredibly small and easy
to conceal." He demonstrated by discreetly tucking one under the collar
of his shirt. "And," he added, holding up the second device, "with three
or more receivers, we can use triangulation to pinpoint the location of
anyone carrying one."

He explained the triangulation process in detail, using a simple diagram
he sketched on a piece of paper. He demonstrated how the devices worked
by sending a short, coded message to Eleanor, who held the other device.
A faint, almost inaudible hum could be heard when the message was
transmitted. He then gave the second device to Eleanor and explained
that Lily would hold the receivers.

The mood in the room shifted slightly, a glimmer of hope emerging from
the shadows of doubt. But the core dilemma remained.

"Even with these devices," Elara said, her voice laced with concern, "we
don't know when they'll attack again. If they manage to capture Tony and
Eleanor before we can react, these won't help us much."

"But if we contact MACUSA," Evan said, his voice strained, "they could
obliviate us. We'd lose our memories, our lives... everything we've
built here."

The debate continued, the weight of each option pressing down on them.
The pros and cons of contacting MACUSA were carefully weighed, the
potential benefits balanced against the devastating consequences. Elara
suggested further strengthening the wards, adding more layers of magical
protection. Tony, inspired by the unique properties of the alloy, began
sketching diagrams for additional magical defenses, trying to devise a
sort of magical early warning system, something that could detect
incoming magical attacks before they reached the wards.

As the day wore on, the decision remained unresolved. The feeling of
vulnerability, however, only intensified. Every creak of the house,
every rustle of leaves outside, sent a jolt of fear through the room.
The shadows of doubt lingered, casting a long and ominous pall over the
Miller household. As dusk began to settle, Tony stood by the window, his
gaze fixed on the darkening street outside. A deep sense of foreboding
settled in his stomach. He had a sinking feeling that whatever they
decided, it might already be too late.
