---
title: Chapter 27
chapter_number: 00027
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 27: Echoes of the Past**

Eleanor, still reeling from the perceived judgment of the other children
on the playground, pulled her hand away from Tony and shook her head,
unable to meet his gaze. She felt the familiar tightness in her chest,
the urge to disappear. This feeling intensified as the bell rang,
signaling the end of recess and the return to the classroom. The noise
of the other children rushing back inside, the slamming of doors, and
the echoing footsteps in the hallway overwhelmed her senses. It was like
being trapped inside a giant, echoing drum. The sounds bounced around in
her head, each one a sharp, painful blow.

Once inside the classroom, the noise subsided somewhat, but the
lingering tension remained. Ms. Peterson was writing something on the
board, her chalk scratching against the slate. The sound, usually
unnoticed, now grated on Eleanor\'s nerves, each scratch a reminder of
the whispers on the playground. It was a similar feeling to the scrape
of a fork against a plate...

The scrape of a fork... the clatter of dishes... a harsh voice cutting
through the din. \"Eleanor! What do you think you\'re doing?\"

Eleanor's head snapped up. Mrs. Higgins, her previous foster mother, was
glaring at her from across the small kitchen table, her face pinched
with anger. Eleanor's stomach dropped. She hadn't done anything.

"You spilled your milk!" Mrs. Higgins snapped, pointing a finger at the
table.

Eleanor looked down. A small puddle of milk had indeed spread across the
table, but she hadn't spilled it. It must have happened when she reached
for the bread. The table was small, and there was barely any room for
the three foster kids and Mrs. Higgins to sit.

"I... I didn't..." Eleanor stammered, her voice trembling.

"Don't you lie to me!" Mrs. Higgins snapped, marching over to the table.
"You're always making a mess. You're such a clumsy child."

Eleanor's face burned with shame. She could feel the other foster
children avoiding her gaze, their silence a form of judgment in itself.
She wanted to disappear, to melt into the floor and never be seen again.

Mrs. Higgins grabbed Eleanor's plate and scraped the remaining food into
the trash. "Now go clean up that mess," she said, her voice cold. "And
try not to cause any more trouble."

Eleanor, her hands shaking, grabbed a cloth and began to wipe up the
spilled milk. The small kitchen seemed to close in on her, the silence
from the other children and Mrs Higgins's continued stare merging into a
single, overwhelming pressure. She felt tears pricking at her eyes, but
she blinked them back. She couldn't cry. Crying would only make things
worse.

Eleanor blinked, disoriented. The harsh light of the classroom seemed
too bright, the voices too loud. She could feel her heart pounding in
her chest, a frantic drumbeat against her ribs. She was vaguely aware of
Ms. Peterson continuing her lesson, but the words were just a jumble of
sounds, meaningless and distant. The scratching of the chalk on the
board continued, each scrape sending shivers down her spine.

Tony, having seen her reaction on the playground and now witnessing her
further distress in class, was deeply worried. He could see the tremor
in her hands as she clutched Rose, the way her eyes darted around the
room as if she were searching for an escape. He raised his hand
tentatively.

"Ms. Peterson?" he asked, his voice carefully neutral. "Eleanor doesn't
look too good. Could I... maybe take her to the school nurse?"

Ms. Peterson, noticing Eleanor's pale face and trembling hands, nodded
with concern. "Of course, Tony. That's a good idea. Take your time."

Tony quickly gathered his things and gently guided Eleanor out of the
classroom. As they walked down the hallway, Tony could feel Eleanor
trembling slightly.

*Sir, the sensory environment is clearly exacerbating her distress,*
Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind. *A quieter location would be
beneficial.*

*Good thinking, Jarvis,* Tony thought back.

They reached a small alcove near the library, a quiet space with a few
comfortable chairs. Tony led Eleanor to one of the chairs and sat beside
her, keeping a respectful distance.

"It's okay," he said softly, his voice gentle and reassuring. "We're out
of the classroom now. It's quieter here."

Eleanor didn't respond, her gaze fixed on the floor. She continued to
clutch Rose tightly, her knuckles white.

"Do you... do you want to talk about it?" Tony asked tentatively. He
knew she wasn't always comfortable sharing her feelings, but he wanted
her to know that he was there for her.

Eleanor shook her head slowly, her eyes still downcast.

"That's okay," Tony said. "We don't have to talk. Just... breathe." He
paused, then added in a softer tone, "Those kids on the playground...
they don't matter, you know. They're just... well, they're just being
kids. They'll probably forget all about it by lunchtime."

He paused again, searching for something else to say that might help.
"You know," he continued, "sometimes people say things without even
thinking. They don't always mean to be hurtful." He thought back to
times he had said something without thinking. He knew it wasn\'t the
same, but he hoped it would help Eleanor.

Eleanor finally looked up at him, her eyes filled with a mixture of
confusion and sadness. "But... what if they *did* mean it?" she
whispered, her voice barely audible.

Tony's heart ached for her. He could see the deep-seated insecurity in
her eyes, the fear of being judged and rejected. He reached out and
gently placed a hand on her arm, careful not to startle her.

"Then they're wrong," he said firmly, his green eyes meeting hers. "They
don't know you, Eleanor. They don't know how... amazing you are." He
paused, realizing he may have said too much. He had to be careful not to
reveal about his powers. He gave her a small smile. "You're kind, and
you're smart, and you're... you're a really good friend."

Eleanor's eyes widened slightly at his words. She looked down at Rose,
tracing the worn fabric of the doll's dress with her fingertip. A small
flicker of warmth sparked in her chest, a tiny ember of hope rekindling
in the darkness.
