---
title: Chapter 9
chapter_number: 00009
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 9: A Star is Born? (1986)**

The air in the kindergarten classroom crackled with a different kind of
energy than usual. Instead of the usual free-for-all of block towers and
finger painting, there was a palpable sense of nervous excitement. Ms.
Johnson stood at the front of the room, a large sheet of paper in her
hand, a wide, slightly strained smile plastered on her face. Sunlight
streamed through the large windows, illuminating dust motes dancing in
the air and casting long shadows across the colorful rug where the
children usually gathered for story time.

"Alright, class!" she announced, her voice slightly higher pitched than
usual, a hint of nervous energy in her tone. "We have a very exciting
announcement! This year, we're going to put on a Christmas play for all
of your parents!"

A chorus of excited gasps and cheers erupted from the children. Sarah
bounced in her seat, her red pigtails swinging wildly, her emerald eyes
sparkling with anticipation. "A play! A play!" she squealed, clapping
her hands. "I love plays!"

A small girl named Emily, who usually spent her time quietly drawing in
a corner, raised her hand tentatively. "Will we get to wear costumes?"
she asked, her voice barely a whisper.

"Of course, Emily!" Ms. Johnson reassured her, smiling warmly. "We'll
have the most wonderful costumes! Angel wings, shepherd's crooks,
everything!"

Other children began chattering excitedly to their neighbors, their
voices a jumble of overlapping sentences. "I want to be Mary!" "I want
to be a wise man!" "Can we sing songs?"

Tony, however, remained unmoved... at first. He observed the other
children, their faces lit up with anticipation, their eyes sparkling
with excitement. He saw Sarah practically vibrating with glee, and
Billy's unrestrained joy was almost contagious.

A small smile tugged at the corner of Tony's lips. He remembered the
feeling, the thrill of performing in front of an audience, the sense of
accomplishment that came with mastering a role. It had been a long time,
in what felt like another lifetime, but the memory was still there,
buried beneath layers of scientific equations and technological
schematics.

*They're... genuinely excited about this,* he thought, a flicker of
understanding dawning in his eyes. *It's not just a contrived
reenactment of a historical event. It's... something they're looking
forward to. Something that matters to them. It's a shared experience, a
collective expression of... joy.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a note of surprise in his
tone. "I detect a significant shift in your analytical paradigm. You
appear to be... engaging with the emotional context of this event."

*Engaging? Is that what this is?* Tony thought back, a slightly
bewildered expression on his face. *I suppose it is. They're not just
data points to be analyzed. They're... children. Like me. They
experience joy, anticipation, and a sense of belonging.* He paused,
considering this for a moment. *Well, like me, chronologically
speaking.*

"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis replied, a hint of something that sounded
suspiciously like approval in his voice. "It appears your emotional
intelligence is developing at a rapid pace. This is a most...
unexpected, yet welcome, development."

*Unexpected?* Tony thought back, a dry chuckle escaping him. *You make
it sound like I've suddenly sprouted wings or developed the ability to
levitate. It's just... understanding how other people feel. It's not
exactly rocket science.*

"While I acknowledge that empathy is not as complex a phenomenon as,
say, quantum entanglement," Jarvis replied, "it is nonetheless a crucial
aspect of human social interaction. And your ability to grasp it at such
a young age is... noteworthy."

*Alright, J. Enough with the flattery,* Tony thought, a small smile
playing on his lips. *Just because I'm starting to understand how other
people feel doesn't mean I've suddenly become some touchy-feely sap.*

"Of course not, Sir," Jarvis replied smoothly. "I would never suggest
such a thing."

Ms. Johnson held up the sheet of paper, revealing a list of characters.
"Okay, class," she said, her voice regaining its usual warmth. "This
year, we'll be performing the Nativity story! We'll need a Mary, a
Joseph, a baby Jesus, three wise men, some shepherds, and of course, a
chorus of angels!"

A fresh wave of excitement swept through the room. Children began
calling out suggestions, vying for their favorite roles. Sarah eagerly
raised her hand, her red pigtails bouncing. "I want to be an angel! I
want to wear wings!"

Billy, not to be outdone, jumped up and down, waving his hand
frantically. "I want to be a shepherd! I want to carry a stick!"

Tony watched the scene unfold, a small smile playing on his lips. He was
beginning to understand. This wasn\'t just a play. It was an experience,
a shared moment of joy and anticipation. And perhaps, just perhaps, it
wouldn\'t be so bad after all. He wondered what role he would play in
all of this. He didn't particularly want to be in the spotlight, but he
also didn't want to be completely left out.

As Ms. Johnson began to call out the roles, Tony found himself thinking
about the story itself. He had a vague recollection of the biblical
narrative, but his memories were fragmented and incomplete. He wondered
about the historical accuracy of the story, the cultural context, the
potential for misinterpretations.

"And... who wants to be the narrator?" Ms. Johnson asked, her gaze
sweeping over the class.

A moment of silence hung in the air. Narrator? That sounded...
manageable. It was a role that required minimal interaction and allowed
for a degree of detached observation. Tony tentatively raised his hand.

Ms. Johnson's eyes lit up. "Oh, Tony! That's wonderful! You'll be our
narrator!"

"What does a narrator do?" Billy asked, tilting his head.

"The narrator tells the story," Ms. Johnson explained. "They help the
audience understand what's happening on stage."

"So, like a storyteller?" Sarah asked.

"Exactly!" Ms. Johnson said, smiling.

Tony considered his new role. Storytelling. It wasn't exactly his forte,
but he supposed he could manage. He could focus on the factual aspects
of the story, the historical details, the...

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a hint of amusement in his
tone. "Perhaps you could focus on conveying the emotional essence of the
narrative, rather than simply reciting historical facts."

*Right, J. Got it,* Tony thought back, rolling his eyes internally.
*Emotional essence. I'll keep that in mind.*
