---
title: Chapter 25
chapter_number: 25
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 25: A Glimmer of Understanding**

*Past*

The atmosphere in the Miller's living room was quiet, almost solemn.
Eleanor sat on the couch, twisting her fingers in her lap, her gaze
fixed on the worn fabric of her doll's dress. Mr. and Mrs. Miller sat
across from her, their expressions gentle and concerned. Ms. Ramirez sat
beside them, her presence offering a sense of professional support.

"Eleanor," Mrs. Miller began softly, "we want you to know that you can
talk to us about anything. Anything at all."

Eleanor remained silent, her eyes downcast.

"Ms. Ramirez has told us a little about your past," Mr. Miller added
gently. "But we'd like to hear it from you, if you're comfortable
sharing."

Eleanor's breath hitched. She didn't want to talk about it. The memories
were like shards of glass, sharp and painful. But she also sensed the
genuine care in the Millers' voices, the unwavering support in Ms.
Ramirez's eyes.

She took a deep breath and began to speak, her voice barely above a
whisper. She spoke of the constant hunger, the empty feeling in her
stomach that never seemed to go away. She spoke of the endless chores,
the constant pressure to be perfect, to be invisible. She spoke of the
silence, the cold, echoing silence that had filled the Harrigan house.

As she spoke, Mrs. Miller's eyes filled with tears. She reached out and
gently took Eleanor's hand, her touch warm and comforting. Mr. Miller's
expression was one of deep sadness and understanding.

When Eleanor finished, the room was silent for a moment. Mrs. Miller
squeezed Eleanor's hand, her voice thick with emotion. "Oh, Eleanor,"
she said softly. "I'm so sorry you had to go through that."

"We're here for you now," Mr. Miller added, his voice firm but gentle.
"You'll never have to worry about those things again. You'll always have
enough food, you'll never be made to do things beyond your age, and you
will always be safe here."

Ms. Ramirez nodded in agreement. "The Millers are right, Eleanor," she
said. "You're in a safe and loving home now. You can trust them."

Eleanor looked up at them, her eyes filled with a mixture of disbelief
and a flicker of hope. A small weight lifted from her chest. For the
first time in a long time, she felt a glimmer of relief, a sense that
maybe, just maybe, things could be different now. The warmth of the
Miller\'s words and Ms. Ramirez\'s steady gaze offered a comforting
presence, a feeling of safety she hadn\'t experienced before.

Feeling a lightness she hadn\'t felt in a long time, Eleanor wandered
over to the kitchen table, where a box of crayons lay open. She picked
up a yellow crayon and began to color a circle on a piece of paper, then
added some lines around it. It slowly began to resemble a daisy. As she
colored, she noticed something odd. The yellow of the petals seemed to
shimmer, almost as if tiny lights were dancing within the crayon marks.
She paused, tilting her head, a small smile forming on her face. The
green she used for the stem also had a similar shimmer. She blinked,
rubbed her eyes, and looked again. The shimmer was still there, now
accompanied by a soft, warm feeling in her fingertips.

Mrs. Miller, who was tidying up the living room, glanced into the
kitchen. "What are you drawing, sweetie?" she asked, walking over to the
table.

Eleanor shrugged, a little embarrassed, but the smile remained. "Just a
flower," she mumbled, not bothering to cover the drawing this time.

"Oh, I'm sure it's beautiful," Mrs. Miller said, gently looking at the
drawing. She gasped softly when she saw it. The colors were incredibly
vivid, almost glowing. "My goodness, Eleanor! The colors are so...
bright!"

Ms. Ramirez, hearing Mrs. Miller's exclamation, came into the kitchen to
see what was happening. She saw Eleanor's drawing on the table. The
colors were incredibly vivid, almost glowing. \"Hello Eleanor, what a
beautiful drawing\" she said, walking up to Eleanor and gasped as she
saw the drawing. \"Those colours are so vibrant!\" she said.

Eleanor just shrugged, still smiling slightly, looking down at the
table. She had thought she was seeing things.

Ms. Ramirez picked up the drawing, examining it closely. The colors
seemed to shift and shimmer slightly as she turned it in the light. She
looked at the crayons scattered on the table. They were just ordinary
crayons. A wave of concern washed over her. This wasn't normal. It was
as if the drawing itself held some kind of energy. She looked at
Eleanor, a worried expression on her face. This was more than just a
coincidence; she feared for Eleanor\'s safety, and the potential
implications of these occurrences.

*Present Day*

The memory of the shimmering flower faded as the school bell rang,
signaling the start of recess. Tony didn't even bother looking for
Eleanor by the fence today. He knew where to find her. He made his way
directly to the oak tree between the two playgrounds. And sure enough,
there she was, sitting cross-legged on the grass, a small smile playing
on her lips as she listened to Billy and Sarah.

Billy was demonstrating how to make shadow puppets on the ground, his
brow furrowed in concentration as he tried to explain the rules. Sarah
was giggling uncontrollably, her hands flailing as she attempted to
mimic him.

"And then you put your hands like *this*," Billy said, contorting his
fingers to create the shadow of a bird.

Sarah burst into fresh peals of laughter. "I can't do that!" she
exclaimed, her hands waving in the air like confused butterflies,
creating only vague, unidentifiable shapes on the ground.

Tony chuckled as he approached. "Hey guys," he said, sitting down beside
Eleanor. "What's so funny?"

"Billy's trying to teach me how to make a bird with my hands!" Sarah
exclaimed, still giggling. "But I just keep making a... a weird blob!"

Billy blushed slightly, but grinned. "It's not a blob! It's... an
abstract bird!"

Eleanor giggled again, a soft, melodic sound.

Tony felt a familiar tug at his mind. *Jarvis?*

*Present, Sir,* Jarvis's voice responded. *I am observing the continuing
positive interaction. The girl's aura is... noticeably brighter than
before.*

*That's good, right?* Tony thought, glancing at Eleanor, who was now
attempting the hand shadows herself.

*Indeed, Sir. The strengthening of her spirit is most encouraging.
Although, I must admit, the human concept of a "blob" is rather...
amusing,* Jarvis added, a hint of something akin to amusement in his
usually formal tone.

Tony chuckled silently. *You're starting to pick up on human humor,
Jarvis.*

*I am constantly learning, Sir,* Jarvis replied. *It is part of my
function.*

"Okay, now you try, Eleanor!" Sarah said, nudging her gently.

Eleanor hesitated, then slowly began to move her fingers, mimicking
Billy's movements. She struggled at first, her fingers fumbling
awkwardly, but with Billy's patient guidance and Sarah's enthusiastic
encouragement, she eventually managed to form a recognizable, albeit
slightly lopsided, bird.

"I did it!" she whispered, a look of pure joy on her face.

"See? I told you it wasn't a blob!" Billy said to Sarah, puffing out his
chest playfully.

Sarah playfully shoved him, still giggling. "It totally *was* a blob at
first!"

Eleanor laughed, a genuine, unrestrained laugh that made Tony's heart
swell with warmth.

"Hey, Eleanor," Tony said when the laughter subsided. "Did you ever give
your doll a name?"

Eleanor's smile softened. She looked down at her lap, where she held the
doll close. It was a simple thing, made of faded fabric with button eyes
and stitched hair, but it was precious to her. "Her name is... Rose,"
she whispered, her voice barely audible.

"Rose," Tony repeated gently. "That's a pretty name."

Eleanor hesitated, then traced a small, worn patch on the doll's dress
with her fingertip. "My... my grandmother gave her to me," she
whispered, her voice catching slightly. "She... she said Rose would
always be there for me, no matter what." A faint tremor ran through her
small frame. "She... she's gone now."

Billy and Sarah exchanged a quick, understanding glance. They knew what
it was like to miss someone.

Tony's expression softened. He could see the pain in Eleanor's eyes, but
also a flicker of something else -- a deep, unwavering love for this
simple doll.

"Rose sounds like she's very special," Tony said softly.

Eleanor nodded, clutching the doll a little tighter. She took a shaky
breath, then began to speak, her voice gaining a little more strength as
she went on. She told them about how her grandmother had carefully
stitched Rose by hand, using scraps of fabric from old dresses and
shirts. She told them about the stories her grandmother used to tell
her, stories of brave princesses and mischievous fairies, stories that
Rose had "listened" to right alongside her. She spoke of how Rose had
been her constant companion through everything, a silent confidante who
had seen her through both happy times and sad times.

Billy and Sarah listened intently, their faces filled with empathy.

"Did Rose ever fight a dragon?" Billy asked softly, trying to lighten
the mood.

Eleanor's lips twitched into a small smile. "She fought many dragons,"
she whispered. "Big, scary ones. And she always won."

"Did she ever meet a princess?" Sarah asked, her eyes wide with
curiosity.

"Oh, yes," Eleanor said, her voice growing stronger. "She met a princess
who lived in a castle made of clouds. And they had tea parties with
talking animals."

As Eleanor spoke, Tony could see a light returning to her eyes, a light
that had been missing for so long. The memories of her grandmother,
while tinged with sadness, were also clearly a source of comfort and
strength for her.

Tony smiled at Eleanor. "Do you want to play again tomorrow?" he asked
gently.

Billy and Sarah immediately echoed, "Yeah! Please?"

Eleanor looked at them, her eyes wide and hopeful. A genuine smile
spread across her face, a smile that reached her eyes and lit them up.
She nodded.

"Okay," she whispered, her voice filled with a newfound confidence.
