---
title: Chapter 60
chapter_number: 00060
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Eve of the Storm**

Tuesday loomed like a thundercloud on the horizon. The air crackled with
a palpable tension, a sense of impending doom that hung heavy over both
the Evans\' and Miller\'s homes. Eleanor had barely left her room at the
Miller\'s house since her latest premonition, her sleep plagued by
nightmares. Tony spent most of his time in his basement, meticulously
monitoring his detection system, his brow perpetually furrowed in
concentration. Lily, meanwhile, was a whirlwind of anxious energy,
alternating between making frantic phone calls at her own home and
checking on Eleanor at the Millers.

At the Miller's residence, Mr. and Mrs. Miller were a picture of quiet
anxiety. They had moved all of Eleanor's belongings into the most secure
room in the house, reinforcing the locks on the windows and doors. They
had even contacted Ms. Ramirez, the social worker who had been
instrumental in Eleanor's initial placement with them, explaining the
strange circumstances surrounding the recent events.

"We just don't understand it, Ms. Ramirez," Mrs. Miller said, her voice
trembling slightly as she sat with her husband and Lily in their living
room. "Tony's been talking about... people following them. He's built
this device that detects... some kind of interference. It's all very
unsettling."

Ms. Ramirez listened intently, her brow furrowed. She had always had a
strong intuition, and something about this situation felt deeply wrong.
She had noticed strange occurrences around Eleanor in the past --
unexplained power outages, flickering lights, objects moving on their
own. She had chalked them up to coincidence at the time, but now... now
she wasn\'t so sure.

"I've noticed some... unusual things myself," Ms. Ramirez admitted, her
voice low. "Small things. Unexplained incidents. I've documented them,
of course, as part of my routine observations." She pulled out a small
notebook and flipped through the pages. "Here, for example. Three months
ago, there was a power surge in the Miller household that affected only
this house and the adjacent streetlights. No other houses were
affected." She pointed to another entry. "Two months ago, Mrs. Miller
reported a vase falling off a shelf, even though no one was nearby. And
just last month..."

Lily's eyes widened as she listened. These were clear signs of
accidental magic, the kind that often manifested in young, untrained
witches and wizards.

After Mr. and Mrs. Miller excused themselves to check on Eleanor, Lily
pulled Ms. Ramirez aside. "Ms. Ramirez," she began, her voice low and
urgent. "There's something I need to tell you. Something... you need to
understand."

She took a deep breath, steeling herself. She knew this was a huge risk,
but she trusted Ms. Ramirez. And given the danger Tony was in, she felt
she had no other choice.

"What Tony and Eleanor are experiencing... it's not just ordinary people
following them," Lily explained, her voice barely a whisper. "It's...
it's connected to magic. Real magic."

Ms. Ramirez stared at Lily, her eyes widening in disbelief, then slowly
turning to a look of dawning understanding. The pieces clicked into
place: the strange occurrences, the inexplicable events she had
witnessed.

"I... I've been doing some research of my own," Ms. Ramirez said, her
voice low and thoughtful. "About these... unusual incidents. I looked
into the archives, trying to find similar cases, children who had
exhibited... similar characteristics."

She paused, a chill running down her spine. "What I found... it was
disturbing. Many of the cases... they just... stopped. The records went
cold. Some were marked as having 'behavioral problems' and were
transferred to facilities that... well, they don't seem to exist. Others
were adopted by families with no traceable history. It's like they just
vanished."

Lily's heart sank. This confirmed her worst fears. The Directorate had
been operating for a long time, covering their tracks meticulously.

Lily continued, explaining about the wizarding world, the Statute of
Secrecy, and the existence of magical abilities. She then told her about
The Directorate. "They're a clandestine organization connected to the
Muggle government," Lily explained, her voice grave. "They're interested
in children with magical abilities. And they're using Scourers... dark
wizards... to find them."

Ms. Ramirez listened in stunned silence, absorbing the information. She
had always suspected there was something different about Eleanor,
something special. But she had never imagined...

"The Directorate... connected to the government..." Ms. Ramirez
whispered, her eyes wide with a sudden realization. "That's... that's
it. That's why I couldn't find anything. That's why the records were
incomplete. They're being deliberately obscured."

She looked at Lily, her expression filled with a mixture of fear and
determination. "My research... my searches in the archives... if they're
connected to the government, they might have been monitoring the system.
They might know I was looking into these cases. They might know about
Eleanor."

Lily's blood ran cold. Ms. Ramirez's research could have inadvertently
alerted The Directorate to Eleanor's existence. They had to act quickly.

Meanwhile, at the Evans' house, Tony was in his basement, working
feverishly on his detection system. He had added several new components,
enhancing its sensitivity and range. He focused his mind, mentally
directing Jarvis: *Jarvis, prioritize analysis of signal source location
based on interference patterns. Cross-reference signal strength
degradation with time of day and proximity to known magical signatures.*

*"The enhancements to the detection system are nearing completion, Sir,"
Jarvis reported. "The new analytical parameters should provide
significantly more precise data regarding the source of the
interference."*

Tony nodded, his brow furrowed in concentration. He was pushing himself
to his limits, driven by a desperate need to protect Eleanor.

Upstairs, Lily returned to the house after her conversation with Ms.
Ramirez. She found Tony still in the basement, his face illuminated by
the glow of the computer screens.

"How did it go with Ms. Ramirez?" Tony asked, not taking his eyes off
the monitor.

"She understands," Lily said, her voice weary. "I explained everything.
She's worried, but she's also willing to help in any way she can."

She paused, then added, "I also told her about The Directorate."

Tony looked up, his eyes meeting hers. "Do you think that was wise?"

Lily nodded. "I had to, Tony. She needed to know the truth. And she's
someone we can trust. Besides..." Lily paused, a shiver running down her
spine. "She thinks her research might have tipped them off to Eleanor."

Tony's eyes widened. "Then we're running out of time."

Later that evening, Tony and Lily went back to the Millers\' house.
Eleanor was waiting for them in the living room, a quiet sadness in her
eyes. Mr. and Mrs. Miller sat nearby, their faces etched with worry.

The atmosphere was heavy, the silence broken only by the ticking of a
nearby clock. It was a moment of quiet anticipation, a calm before the
storm.

Eleanor looked at Tony and Lily, her gaze lingering on the clock on the
wall. It was a simple, old-fashioned clock, its hands moving inexorably
towards 3:17.

*"The time is currently 8:47 PM," Jarvis observed internally.
"Approximately 18 hours and 30 minutes remain until the predicted
event."*

Tomorrow, everything would change.
