---
title: Chapter 67
chapter_number: 00067
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Swift Strike**

The air in the Miller household crackled with nervous energy. The
unresolved debate about contacting MACUSA still hung heavy, but a more
immediate concern had taken precedence: preparing for the inevitable
return of their attackers. The reinforced wards, though strengthened by
Elara's tireless efforts, felt thin and fragile against the memory of
the previous assault.

Evan paced a worn path in the living room carpet, his brow furrowed.
"Are you sure these... these things will work, Tony?" he asked,
gesturing towards the small, metallic devices Tony had created.

Tony adjusted the device tucked under his collar. "They should," he
replied, trying to sound more confident than he felt. "The alloy
resonates with magical energy. It's like... creating a specific radio
frequency. As long as we have the receivers, we can track the signal."

Lily, who was carefully examining one of the receivers, nodded. "Elara's
wards are strong, but if they get through them, we'll at least know
where Tony and Eleanor are taken."

Ms. Ramirez sat quietly, her expression grave. She had seen the fear in
the Millers\' eyes, the same fear she had witnessed in countless
children facing uncertainty and danger. She offered what comfort she
could, but the weight of the situation was palpable.

Elara moved around the room, her wand tracing intricate patterns in the
air. "I've added several layers of protection," she muttered, more to
herself than to the others. "A Disillusionment Charm, a Repelling Jinx,
and a few more subtle enchantments. It should buy us some time."

Lily, meanwhile, was moving between the others, her wand weaving quick,
precise movements. Soft, shimmering shields of light appeared around Ms.
Ramirez, the Millers, and Evan, barely visible but offering a layer of
magical protection against any stray spells or debris.

"I've also been working on something," Tony interjected, pointing to a
series of diagrams spread out on the coffee table. "A sort of magical
early warning system. It uses the alloy to detect fluctuations in the
ambient magical field. If there's a sudden surge of magical energy
nearby, it should trigger an alarm."

"Where are you going to put it?" Mr. Miller asked, his voice strained.

"I was thinking near the windows and doors," Tony replied, pointing to
specific locations on a sketch of the house. "Those are the most likely
points of entry."

He was about to elaborate when a sudden tremor shook the house, cutting
his words short. The tremor was followed by a sharp crack, like
shattering glass, and the lights flickered violently. Elara whirled
around, her wand already in her hand. "The wards!" she cried, her voice
laced with alarm.

Outside, the night sky was suddenly illuminated by bursts of bright,
white light. Figures, cloaked in dark robes, stood in the shadows of the
neighboring houses, their wands raised. Among them was Silas, his face
grim and determined. He surveyed the Miller house, his eyes scanning the
shimmering outline of the wards. "The wards are stronger than we
anticipated," he muttered to one of the other Scourers. "But they won't
hold."

"Blitzkrieg," another Scourer replied, his voice low and menacing.
"Quick in, quick out. No unnecessary risks."

Silas nodded. "Precisely. Overwhelm the wards, subdue the occupants,
retrieve the targets. No collateral damage." He paused, his gaze
hardening. "We have our orders."

The Scourers began to chant, their voices rising in a low, rhythmic
cadence. The air crackled with raw magical energy as they focused their
combined power on the wards surrounding the Miller house.

Inside, the house shuddered again, more violently this time. The windows
rattled in their frames, and the air crackled with raw magical energy.
The wards, their carefully constructed layers of protection, were under
an intense, coordinated assault. Elara frantically cast counter-spells,
but the sheer force of the Scourers' combined magic was too much. With a
final, deafening crack, the wards shattered, the protective barrier
collapsing like a house of cards.

The living room was plunged into near darkness, the only light coming
from the flickering streetlights outside. Before anyone could even draw
breath, the front door burst open with a resounding crash, and a group
of Scourers stormed into the house, their wands raised and aimed.

The Scourers moved with terrifying speed and precision, their faces
still hidden by their hoods. Before anyone could react, a wave of
magical energy swept through the room, a wide-area stunning spell that
hit everyone with the force of a physical blow.

The world dissolved into a dizzying swirl of colors and sounds for those
inside. Tony felt a sharp pain in his head, followed by a wave of
dizziness. He felt a momentary resistance, a tingling sensation across
his skin, before the stunning spell crashed through, his muscles going
limp as he collapsed to the floor. The last thing he saw was Eleanor
falling beside him, her eyes wide with fear and confusion. Evan,
similarly, felt a brief warmth spread through him before the darkness
took over. Mrs. Miller gasped, clutching her chest as a wave of force
hit her, the shimmering light around her flickering violently before
fading as she slumped against Ms. Ramirez.

The scene was one of utter chaos. People were falling to the ground,
their bodies collapsing like puppets with cut strings. Screams and cries
were cut short as the stunning spell took hold. The Scourers moved
quickly through the room, their wands still raised, ensuring that
everyone remained incapacitated.

Two of the Scourers approached Tony and Eleanor, their faces still
hidden by their hoods. They roughly grabbed Tony and Eleanor by the
arms, dragging them towards the shattered front door. The other members
of the household lay motionless on the floor, unconscious but, for the
moment, unharmed. The Scourers' objective was clear: they had come for
Tony and Eleanor, and they weren't leaving without them.

The cold night air bit at Tony's face as he was dragged across the
threshold, his head lolling back. He could hear the crunch of broken
glass under his dangling feet. The porch light, still flickering
erratically, cast long, distorted shadows that danced on the lawn. He
saw the dark shapes of the other Scourers moving around the house, their
wands still raised, watchful. Then, darkness claimed him completely.
