---
title: Chapter 18
chapter_number: 18
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 18: The Whispered Word**

The morning sun streamed through Tony's bedroom window, casting long
shadows across the floor. He sat cross-legged in the center of the room,
his eyes closed, his brow furrowed in concentration. *Focus your intent,
Sir,* Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, the words from their
conversation in the lunchroom still fresh. *What do you wish to achieve?
Let that be your guide.*

Tony took a deep breath, trying to clear his mind of distractions. He
focused on the warmth in his chest, the feeling of power that had
flickered within him during lunch. He visualized a small object -- a
pencil lying on his desk -- and focused all his attention on it. He
wanted to move it, just a little, using only his mind.

He felt a tingling sensation in his fingertips, a subtle shift in the
air around him. The pencil wobbled slightly, then rolled a few inches
across the desk. Tony's eyes snapped open, a look of surprise and
excitement on his face. He'd done it. He'd actually done it.

"Well done, Sir," Jarvis said, his voice laced with a hint of pride.
"That is a promising start."

"It felt... weird," Tony said, still staring at the pencil. "Like...
pushing something with an invisible hand."

"That is a fair analogy, Sir. You are manipulating the very fabric of
reality, on a small scale. It will take practice to refine your
control."

Tony practiced for a few more minutes, managing to levitate the pencil a
few inches above the desk and make it spin slowly in the air. He felt a
growing sense of excitement, but also a twinge of apprehension. This
power... it was exhilarating, but also potentially dangerous. He decided
he would continue practicing after school.

Downstairs, the smell of pancakes wafted through the house. Tony heard
his mother's cheerful voice calling him down for breakfast. He quickly
put the pencil back on his desk and headed downstairs.

His parents were already seated at the kitchen table, reading the
newspaper and sipping coffee. "Morning, sleepyhead," his father said,
smiling warmly.

"Morning," Tony mumbled, sliding into a chair.

"Big day today," his mother said, setting a plate of pancakes in front
of him. "Your first full week of first grade almost done. How are you
holding up?"

"I'm good," Tony said, taking a bite of pancake. He felt a pang of guilt
for not talking to them more about his school life. He was so
preoccupied with everything else... with Jarvis, with his magic, with
Eleanor.

"How's it going?" his father asked. "Making any new friends?"

"Yeah, a couple," Tony said. "Mark and David. They're... okay. Mark is
really energetic and David is really smart." He hesitated, then added,
"There's this other girl, too. Eleanor. She's... quiet."

His mother's expression softened. She reached across the table and
gently touched his hand. "Sometimes it takes time to adjust to a new
school," she said gently. "I'm sure she'll come out of her shell
eventually."

Tony nodded, picking at his pancakes with his fork. "I don\'t think its
just that" he thought quietly.

"Well, if you think she needs a friend," his father said, folding his
newspaper, "you know what to do. Be yourself. You've always had a way of
connecting with people."

Tony smiled faintly at his father's words. He appreciated their support,
their unwavering belief in him. He finished his breakfast quickly, eager
to get to school and... well, he wasn\'t sure exactly what he would do,
but he felt a pull towards Eleanor, a sense that he needed to do
something.

Later, at school during recess, the playground was a whirlwind of
activity. Children chased each other, their excited shouts and laughter
filling the air. The swings creaked and groaned, and the slide echoed
with the delighted screams of children as they zoomed down.

The noise, the sudden bursts of sound and movement, made Eleanor flinch.
She pressed herself against the chain-link fence, her eyes wide with a
mixture of longing and fear. She watched the other children play, their
faces flushed with joy, but she didn\'t dare join them. The noise, the
chaos, felt overwhelming, threatening.

The cacophony of sounds blurred and shifted, morphing into...

A small, cramped room, the walls painted a sickly shade of green -- a
different green than the last house, she remembered vaguely, a more...
yellow green, like old peas. Dust motes danced in the faint light
filtering under the ill-fitting door. A slightly older Eleanor, perhaps
seven or eight, huddled under a rickety bed, her small body trembling.
The bedsprings groaned with every slight movement, threatening to betray
her hiding place. The air under the bed was stale and dusty, thick with
the scent of old carpet and forgotten things.

From above, she could hear the muffled sounds of a heated argument. It
wasn't the same voices as before, in the last house. These were new
voices, sharp and unfamiliar.

"...can't keep doing this..." a woman's voice, tight with frustration.

"...said we'd get extra..." a man's voice, cutting her off, rough and
impatient.

"...not worth it..." the woman again, her voice trailing off, then
rising again, "...look at this place!"

The words were indistinct, lost in the muffled sounds, but the tone was
unmistakable: harsh, angry, aggressive. It was the same tone she'd heard
in other houses, in other rooms, under other beds. It was a sound she
knew too well.

A heavy object thumped against the wall above her, making dust rain down
from the bed frame onto her hair. Eleanor flinched, squeezing her eyes
shut tighter. She could hear the distinct sound of shattering glass,
followed by a sharp intake of breath.

"You did that on purpose!" the woman shrieked, her voice rising to a
near scream.

Furniture scraped against the floor, and a door slammed shut with a
resounding *bang*, making Eleanor jump. She squeezed her eyes shut, her
hands covering her ears, pressing so hard that her fingers ached, but
she couldn\'t block out the fear that was pounding in her chest. The
voices continued, rising and falling in waves of anger and frustration.
She didn\'t understand what they were arguing about -- something about
money, maybe, or something broken -- but the sheer intensity of their
emotions filled her with terror. She felt small and helpless, trapped in
the darkness under the bed, waiting for the storm to pass, wondering if
this house would be like all the others, if she would ever find a place
where the storms didn\'t follow her.

Back on the playground, Eleanor stood frozen by the fence, her breathing
shallow and rapid. She clutched her worn doll tightly, her knuckles
white. She didn\'t notice Tony approaching until he was standing right
beside her.

"Hi," he said quietly, his voice gentle. "You okay?"

Eleanor blinked, her eyes focusing on Tony. She nodded slightly, but her
gaze darted back to the playground, her expression still filled with
anxiety.

Tony followed her gaze, then looked back at her. He could see the fear
in her eyes, the way she was shrinking away from the noise and activity.
"Do you... want to try the swings?" he asked, gesturing towards the
empty swingset. "They're not too loud."

Eleanor hesitated, her gaze flickering between the swings and Tony's
face. She bit her lip nervously, then gave a small, almost imperceptible
nod.

Tony smiled gently and led her over to the swings. He carefully helped
her onto one of the seats, making sure she was secure. He then sat on
the swing next to her.

For a few moments, they swung in silence, the only sound the gentle
creaking of the chains. Eleanor kept her gaze fixed on the ground, her
body still tense.

"It's okay," Tony said softly, after a while. "You don't have to talk if
you don't want to."

Eleanor glanced at him, a flicker of something -- perhaps gratitude,
perhaps surprise -- in her eyes. She then looked back down at the
ground, but her grip on the swing chains loosened slightly.

After a few more minutes of quiet swinging, Eleanor spoke, her voice
barely above a whisper. "Thank you," she said, her eyes still fixed on
the ground.

Tony smiled. It was a small step, but it was a step nonetheless.
