---
title: Chapter 48
chapter_number: 00048
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Consequences of Secrecy**

Jarvis's voice echoed gently within Tony's mind, a constant companion
during his solitary practice sessions. The room was dimly lit, the
curtains drawn to block out the late afternoon sun. Tony sat
cross-legged on his bed, the Magical Journal open in front of him,
though he wasn't looking at it. He was focused inwards, his eyes closed,
his brow furrowed in concentration.

*"Focus, Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed gently within his mind. "Visualize
the energy. Feel it flowing through you, converging at a single point."*

Tony pictured the tiny sparks of energy, just as Eleanor had described,
gathering in his palm. He tried to imagine the warmth, the tingling
sensation she felt, but it remained elusive. He could feel a faint
warmth, but it was just the normal warmth of his own hand, not the
burning sensation that preceded the appearance of a flame.

He opened his eyes with a frustrated sigh, rubbing his hand. "It's just
not working," he muttered.

*"Patience, Sir," Jarvis responded within his mind. "Mastery of any
skill requires dedicated practice. Your efforts are not in vain."*

Tony closed his eyes again, determined to keep trying. He focused on the
image of a small ember, glowing orange and red, radiating heat. He tried
to feel that heat in his hand, to make it real, but it remained just an
image in his mind.

Suddenly, a knock on his door startled him, breaking his concentration.
He quickly shoved the journal under his pillow and called out, "Come
in!"

His mom opened the door, a warm smile on her face. "Just checking on
you, honey," she said. "Dinner's almost ready. Are you coming down?"

"Yeah, Mom, I'll be down in a minute," Tony said, forcing a casual tone.

She nodded and closed the door, leaving Tony alone again. He retrieved
the journal from under his pillow and sighed. He wished he could talk to
his mom about this, about the magic, but he knew he couldn't. It was
their secret, his and Eleanor's, and they had to protect it.

*"Secrecy is indeed paramount, Sir," Jarvis commented within his mind.
"Premature disclosure could have... unforeseen consequences."*

Later that evening, Tony found himself at the Miller's house, sitting on
the porch with Eleanor, just as they had the previous day. The setting
sun cast long shadows across the yard, creating a sense of quiet
intimacy. They were talking about school, about upcoming tests and
projects, when Eleanor suddenly stopped mid-sentence.

"Oh!" she gasped, her eyes widening. She held up her hand, and a small
flame flickered to life in her palm. It was a reflex, an unconscious
action, and it quickly became clear that Eleanor hadn't meant to do it.

Just at that moment, the back door of the house opened, and Sarah Miller
stepped out onto the porch, carrying a tray of lemonade and cookies.

Tony's heart leaped into his throat. He glanced at Eleanor, whose eyes
were wide with panic. The flame was still burning in her hand, clearly
visible in the fading light.

Thinking quickly, Tony reached out and "accidentally" bumped Eleanor's
arm, causing her to drop her hand to her side. The sudden movement
extinguished the flame.

"Oops, sorry," Tony mumbled, giving Eleanor a quick, reassuring glance.

Sarah Miller placed the tray on a small table and smiled at them.
"Everything alright, you two?" she asked.

"Yeah, everything's fine," Tony said, his voice trying to sound casual.
"Eleanor just... dropped something."

Eleanor nodded quickly, her cheeks flushed. "Yeah," she stammered.
"Just... my pencil."

Sarah didn't seem to notice anything amiss. She poured them each a glass
of lemonade and offered them a cookie. "So," she said, settling into a
nearby chair, "what were you talking about?"

Tony and Eleanor exchanged a nervous glance before quickly resuming
their conversation about school. But the near-reveal had shaken them
both.

Once Sarah had gone back inside, Tony turned to Eleanor, his voice low
and serious. "That was close," he whispered.

Eleanor nodded, her eyes still wide with the memory of the
near-disaster. "I know," she whispered back. "I... I didn't even mean to
do it."

*"A near breach of secrecy," Jarvis observed within Tony's mind. "This
incident underscores the importance of constant vigilance."*

"We have to be more careful," Tony said. "We can't let anyone find out."

"I know," Eleanor said. "But it's... hard. Sometimes I just... forget."

"I know," Tony said again, placing a reassuring hand on her arm. "It's
hard for me too. But we have to remember what's at stake. If anyone
finds out... who knows what could happen?"

*"Disclosure could lead to... various negative outcomes," Jarvis
commented within his mind. "From social ostracization to... more extreme
interventions."*

They sat in silence for a moment, the weight of their secret pressing
down on them. The fading light cast long, distorted shadows, making the
familiar backyard seem suddenly strange and ominous.

"We have to promise each other," Tony said, his voice firm. "We have to
promise that we'll be extra careful. We can't let this happen again."

Eleanor looked at him, her eyes filled with a mixture of fear and
determination. "I promise," she said, her voice barely a whisper.

*"A reaffirmation of their pact," Jarvis noted within Tony\'s mind. "The
shared burden of secrecy strengthens the bond between you and Eleanor,
but also increases the psychological pressure."*

Tony nodded, feeling the weight of their shared secret settle heavily on
his shoulders. He knew that keeping their magic hidden would be a
constant challenge, but they had to do it. They had to protect
themselves, and each other.
