---
title: Chapter 6
chapter_number: 00006
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# ** The World Beyond the House**

Three, four, five. Time continued its relentless, agonizing crawl. Each
passing year was a small victory for Tony, a step closer to regaining
control, but also a constant reminder of what he\'d lost. He was Tony
Stark, not some perpetually mashed-pea-covered toddler.

Now, at four, mobility was his. Wobbly legs carried him on expeditions
throughout the house, each room a new, albeit disappointingly primitive,
frontier. The world beyond his crib and playpen was a treasure trove of
fascinating objects, each begging to be disassembled, analyzed, and
understood.

"Tony, sweetheart, no!" Lily's voice echoed from the kitchen as Tony
made a beeline for the overflowing junk drawer, mischief sparkling in
his eyes.

He ignored her, tiny fingers already sifting through the chaotic
collection of rubber bands, paperclips, and stray screws. *Primitive
technology,* he thought with a mental sigh. *But it's a start. Need to
assess the available resources.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a constant, if sometimes
exasperated, companion. "I would advise against ingesting any of those
items. They are not designed for human consumption."

*Relax, J,* Tony thought back, managing to snag a particularly
interesting-looking spring. *I'm not planning on eating them. I'm
conducting a materials analysis. You never know what hidden potential
these archaic components might possess.*

"Research that involves potentially hazardous materials?" Jarvis
queried, a dry note in his tone.

Before Tony could formulate a suitably sarcastic reply, he was scooped
into Lily's arms.

"Mama," he mumbled, feigning a pout.

"No junk drawer diving," Lily said, nuzzling his nose. "You'll get all
sorts of nasty germs."

"Germs are microscopic organisms, Mama," Tony said, the words
surprisingly clear. "They're not visible to the naked eye."

Lily blinked, staring at him. "Where did you learn that?"

Tony simply shrugged, managing an innocent look.

"Dial it back, Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed clearly in his mind.
"Subtlety is advised."

*Right,* Tony thought, mentally acknowledging Jarvis's prompt. *Gotta
play the part.*

"He's always watching those science shows with Evan," Lily murmured,
shaking her head with a mixture of amusement and bewilderment.

Evan entered from the garage, wiping grease from his hands. "What's all
the commotion?" he asked, spotting Tony in Lily's arms.

"Your son is a little genius," Lily said, smiling. "He just gave me a
lecture on germs."

Evan chuckled, ruffling Tony's hair. "He gets that from his old man," he
said, winking. "Always curious about how things work."

Later, Evan took Tony to the garage, his personal sanctuary. It was a
chaotic symphony of tools, spare parts, and half-finished projects. The
familiar scent of electrical wiring and burnt plastic filled the air.

Tony's eyes lit up. Far from his state-of-the-art labs, but a start.

"So," Evan said, gesturing to a disassembled blender on the workbench.
It was an older model, heavy glass jar, chrome base, motor exposed.
"Want to help Papa fix this old thing? Mama's been wanting a smoothie."

Tony nodded eagerly. He *knew* how electric motors worked, had designed
far more efficient power sources. But he wanted to connect with Evan,
share this simple act of tinkering.

As Evan explained the workings of the blender, pointing out the motor,
the blades, and the various connections, Tony listened intently,
interjecting with surprisingly insightful questions.

"But Papa," he said, pointing to a small capacitor. "Wouldn't it be more
efficient if you used a higher capacitance rating?"

Evan blinked. "Where did you learn about capacitors?"

Tony shrugged.

"Dial it back, Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind.

*Right,* Tony thought. *Playing dumb it is.*

"He's got a knack for this stuff," Evan muttered, shaking his head. He
chuckled and continued, "Okay, professor, let's see if you can help me
figure out why this thing won't spin."

They spent the next hour working on the blender, Evan patiently
explaining each step, Tony offering subtle suggestions based on his vast
knowledge.

One evening, staring out the window at the night sky, Tony asked, "Mama,
what are those things that twinkle?"

"Those are stars, sweetheart," Lily replied, smiling.

"They're distant suns, Mama," Tony corrected gently. "Just like ours,
but much, much farther away."

Lily's smile faltered. She exchanged a quick glance with Evan.

*They're definitely noticing,* Tony thought. *I need to tread
carefully.*

"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis commented. "Subtlety is key."

Tony internally rolled his eyes. He knew Jarvis was right. But
suppressing his natural curiosity was torture. He was Tony Stark. Some
things never changed, even in this strange, new, magical world. He just
hoped he could keep the magic part a secret for a little while longer.
