---
title: Chapter 12
chapter_number: 12
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 12: Stage Frights and Shared Smiles (1986)**

The kindergarten classroom, a delightful chaos of glitter, construction
paper, and half-finished props, hummed with nervous energy. The
Christmas play loomed large on the horizon, and the rehearsals had taken
on a new level of intensity. The air itself seemed to vibrate with a
mixture of excitement and apprehension.

Ms. Johnson, though her smile remained warm, had a touch of weariness in
her voice as she clapped her hands to gather the children. "Okay,
everyone, let's run the shepherd scene again," she said, adjusting her
glasses, which had slipped slightly down her nose.

Billy, as the lead shepherd, stood nervously center stage, clutching his
crooked crook like a lifeline. He started strong, his voice ringing out
with initial confidence: "We saw the star!" But then his brow furrowed,
his eyes darted around the room, and he trailed off into a mumbled,
"Uh... and then... uh..." He looked pleadingly at Ms. Johnson, his lower
lip trembling slightly.

Tony, standing to the side with his script, watched Billy's struggle
with a growing sense of empathy. He could almost feel the boy's anxiety
radiating across the room, a palpable wave of stage fright. He
recognized the feeling -- the pressure of remembering lines, the fear of
forgetting, the weight of everyone's eyes. *He's not just forgetting the
words,* Tony realized. *He's getting caught up in the pressure of the
moment.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed softly in his mind. "You appear to be
exhibiting empathy."

*Yeah, J. I'm starting to get the hang of it,* Tony thought back, a
small, almost imperceptible smile playing on his lips. He was beginning
to understand that these seemingly simple interactions held a complexity
he hadn't previously appreciated.

He walked over to Billy, standing beside him. He placed a hand gently on
Billy's shoulder. "Hey, Billy," he said quietly, his voice gentle and
reassuring. "Remember what we talked about? Picture the star. Really see
it in your mind. Imagine how bright it is, how it lights up the night
sky."

Billy closed his eyes for a moment, his small face scrunched in
concentration. Then he opened them, a flicker of recognition and
determination in his gaze. He took a deep, steadying breath. "We saw the
star!" he proclaimed, his voice now clear and strong, filled with
newfound conviction. "And it led us... to... to the baby Jesus!" He
beamed, a wave of relief washing over his face, replacing the earlier
anxiety.

"Perfect, Billy!" Ms. Johnson exclaimed, clapping her hands and giving
him an encouraging thumbs-up. "That was much better!"

Later, during the angel's announcement scene, Sarah, as the angel, kept
delivering her lines with excessive volume, her voice echoing through
the small classroom. "FEAR NOT!" she shouted, her imaginary wings
flapping with such enthusiasm that she nearly bumped into Emily, a shy
angel in the background, making her jump.

Tony winced slightly, not wanting to discourage Sarah's enthusiasm but
also recognizing the need for a more controlled delivery. He approached
her gently, placing a hand lightly on her arm. "Sarah," he said, his
voice low and calm, "your voice is very strong, which is wonderful. But
imagine you're telling the shepherds a secret. You want them to hear
you, but you don't want to scare them. You want to share this wonderful
news in a gentle way."

Sarah tilted her head, considering this. "A secret?" she whispered, her
voice immediately softening.

"Yeah," Tony said, nodding. "A very special, important secret. A message
of great joy."

Sarah took a deep breath and tried again, channeling the image of
sharing a secret. "Fear not," she said, her voice now softer, more
gentle, yet still carrying a sense of wonder. "For behold, I bring you
tidings of great joy."

"Much better, Sarah!" Ms. Johnson said, giving her a warm smile. "That
was perfect."

As the rehearsals continued, Tony found himself naturally taking on a
more active role, becoming a sort of informal assistant director. During
the wise men's entrance, the three boys playing the parts kept bumping
into each other, their makeshift crowns, made of glittery paper and pipe
cleaners, tilting precariously.

Tony watched them for a moment, then picked up three small toy cars from
a nearby bin, an idea forming in his mind. "Okay," he said, crouching
down and arranging the cars on the floor, creating distinct paths.
"Imagine these are you. If you each come from a different direction,
following these paths, you won't bump into each other." He demonstrated,
moving the cars in smooth, intersecting paths, showing how they could
avoid a collision.

The boys watched him, their eyes wide with understanding and a touch of
awe. They tried it themselves, carefully following the "car paths" Tony
had laid out, and the entrance went off without a hitch.

"Tony, that's brilliant!" Ms. Johnson said, her face lighting up with a
genuine smile.

During another rehearsal, the "baby Jesus" doll, a slightly worn plastic
doll wrapped in a scrap of white cloth, tumbled out of the manger,
landing with a soft thud on the carpet. Before anyone could react, Tony,
as the narrator, smoothly ad-libbed, his voice maintaining the flow of
the story, "And the baby Jesus, sensing the chill of the night air,
snuggled a little closer to the warm hay, seeking comfort in the soft
straw." He then discreetly and quickly placed the doll back in the
manger, preventing a potential disruption.

The children giggled, and Ms. Johnson gave Tony a grateful look. "You're
a lifesaver, Tony," she whispered, her voice filled with appreciation.

As the days passed, Tony found himself growing closer to Sarah and
Billy. He started sitting with them during lunch, sharing stories and
jokes, discovering shared interests in dinosaurs and building with
blocks. He even found himself looking forward to the rehearsals, not
just as a way to help the play succeed, but as a way to spend time with
his new friends, enjoying their company and their infectious enthusiasm.

One afternoon, after a particularly challenging rehearsal where
everything seemed to go wrong, from forgotten lines to misplaced props,
Billy approached Tony, a shy but grateful smile on his face. "Thanks for
helping me with my lines, Tony," he mumbled, kicking at a loose thread
on the carpet with the toe of his shoe. "I was really nervous."

"No problem, Billy," Tony said, returning the smile. "You did great.
Everyone has those days."

Sarah joined them, her eyes sparkling with excitement. "Yeah, Tony," she
said, her voice filled with admiration. "You're the best narrator ever!
You make the story sound so... exciting!"

Tony felt a warmth spread through his chest. He was about to respond
when Ms. Johnson clapped her hands, drawing everyone's attention.

"Alright, everyone," she announced, her voice filled with a mix of
excitement and anticipation. "That's it for today's rehearsal. And guess
what? Tomorrow, we'll do a full run-through... with the costumes!"

A ripple of excitement went through the class. Sarah squealed with
delight, clapping her hands with unrestrained joy. Billy's eyes widened,
a nervous but excited grin spreading across his face. A full
run-through. It meant the play was almost here. The anticipation was
palpable, a tangible force in the air.
