---
title: Chapter 46
chapter_number: 00046
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Silas's Observation**

The late afternoon sun, the same sun that had bathed Tony and Eleanor's
practice session in a warm, deceptively innocent glow, now cast long,
ominous shadows that stretched like grasping fingers across the quiet
suburban streets. The air was still and heavy, the kind of stillness
that often precedes a storm, though the sky remained a clear, unsettling
blue. Silas sat in his nondescript, dark grey sedan, parked a discreet
distance down the street from the Miller's house. The engine was off,
but the radio crackled softly, a constant reminder of his connection to
the organization. He'd been conducting his routine surveillance of
Eleanor, a task he found increasingly complex, bordering on disturbing.

*"Subject E's abilities are confirmed," Silas thought, adjusting the
focus of his high-powered binoculars. The lenses were military-grade,
capable of capturing minute details even at considerable distance. "The
directive is containment. But Anthony Evans... he's the variable. An
unforeseen complication."*

He'd been watching Eleanor for weeks now, meticulously confirming what
they already knew. Her interactions with inanimate objects, the almost
imperceptible shifts in the air around her, the occasional, fleeting
flicker of unseen energy. It was all there, the telltale signs of
magical ability, just as the ancient texts had described. But Anthony
Evans had recently entered her routine, appearing with increasing
regularity, and his presence had introduced a new, troubling layer of
uncertainty into the equation.

Silas checked his watch: 4:17 PM. He observed Anthony arriving at the
Miller's house, just as he had on several previous occasions. He noted
the time in his small, worn notebook, the pages filled with meticulous
observations and coded notations. The two children settled onto the
porch, just as they always did, their backs to him, providing only a
partial view. At first glance, it appeared to be just another ordinary
afternoon, two friends spending time together. A deceptive facade.

*"Apparent engagement in casual conversation," Silas noted, observing
their lip movements through the binoculars. He could even make out
snippets of their conversation, though the distance muffled their words.
"Maintaining standard surveillance protocols. But vigilance is
paramount."*

But then, the subtle anomalies began. The subtle anomalies Silas had
previously attributed solely to Eleanor now seemed... amplified, as if
there was another, more potent source contributing to them. The air
around the porch seemed to shimmer slightly, distorting the light. It
was a subtle effect, easily missed by the untrained eye, but Silas was
trained to see the unseen.

A sudden, localized gust of wind swept across the porch, rustling the
leaves of the nearby maple trees. It was stronger and more focused than
any he'd observed before, affecting a wider area around the house, yet
the surrounding trees remained eerily still, not a single leaf stirring
beyond the immediate vicinity of the porch. It was as if the wind itself
was being controlled, directed. Silas's brow furrowed, his grip
tightening on the binoculars.

*"Anomalous atmospheric disturbance," Silas noted, making a quick sketch
in his notebook, marking the affected area. "Increased intensity
compared to previous observations. Possible secondary source.
Correlation with Evans's presence is becoming statistically
significant."*

He watched as Anthony gestured with his hand, a small, almost
imperceptible movement, and Eleanor closed her eyes, her brow furrowed
in concentration. It was Anthony's gesture, so subtle yet so deliberate,
that truly caught Silas's attention. It was too purposeful, too precise
to be mere coincidence. It was the gesture of someone directing energy,
of someone wielding power.

Then, a flicker of light, a brief flash of orange, erupted in the space
between them. It was brighter and lasted longer than any previous
occurrences, illuminating their faces for a fleeting instant. Silas saw
it clearly this time, not just a flicker, but a distinct, contained
flame, dancing briefly in the air between their outstretched hands
before vanishing as quickly as it had appeared.

*"Unidentified luminous phenomenon," Silas wrote, his hand tightening
around his binoculars. His breathing quickened slightly. "Increased
intensity and duration. Origin: between Subjects E and Anthony Evans.
Thermal signature detected. Confirmed pyrokinesis. This requires
immediate escalation."*

He adjusted the focus of his binoculars, trying desperately to get a
clearer view of what they were doing. But the angle was still poor, the
porch railing and the encroaching shadows obscuring their actions. He
could only see fragments of their movements, glimpses of their focused
expressions, the occasional hand gesture from Anthony.

*"Anthony Evans is actively participating," Silas thought, a cold,
unsettling feeling settling deep in his gut. This was no longer a simple
observation. This was a confirmation of their worst fears. "The
convergence of anomalous events directly correlates with his presence.
The probability of his involvement is no longer just significant; it is
conclusive. Anthony Evans is also exhibiting magical abilities."*

He replayed the events in his mind, the amplified gust of wind, the more
intense and sustained flicker of light, Anthony's deliberate and
controlled gestures. It all pointed to one terrifying conclusion:
Anthony Evans was also a magic wielder.

*"Anthony Evans is a factor," Silas assessed, his voice a low, almost
inaudible murmur. "This changes the parameters of the entire operation.
This requires immediate escalation to Director Thorne. The situation is
critical."*

Silas lowered his binoculars, his face grim and pale in the fading
light. He knew he couldn't dismiss these observations. The implications
were too significant, too dangerous. He had to report this to Thorne
immediately. This was no longer just about containing Eleanor. Now,
there were two, and their combined power was clearly growing.

He reached for his car radio, his hand trembling slightly as he switched
it on and adjusted the frequency to their secure channel. The static
hissed and crackled in the confined space of the car.

"This is Observer Seven," he said, his voice low, controlled, but laced
with a palpable urgency. "I have a significant development at the Miller
residence. I require immediate contact with Director Thorne."

He paused, listening to the static on the other end, the silence
stretching out, amplifying the tension.

"Anthony Evans... he's exhibiting similar abilities to Subject E," he
added, his voice barely a whisper, as if afraid of being overheard.

The static crackled again, then Thorne's voice, cold, precise, and
utterly devoid of emotion, cut through the air. "Understood, Observer
Seven. We are designating Anthony Evans... Subject T. Stand by for
further instructions."

Silas released a shaky breath, his heart pounding in his chest. He knew
that this report would change everything. The operation had just become
exponentially more complicated, more dangerous. The game had irrevocably
changed.
