---
title: Chapter 45
chapter_number: 00045
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Flickering Flame**

The late afternoon sun cast long shadows across the Millers' porch,
painting the wooden planks in hues of amber and gold. A gentle breeze
rustled the leaves in the nearby trees, creating a soft, whispering
sound. Tony and Eleanor sat facing each other, the Magical Journal open
between them, bathed in the warm light. Today's focus: elemental
control, specifically, the creation of a small flame.

*"A significant departure from telekinesis," Jarvis observed internally.
"We are now venturing into the manipulation of exothermic reactions."*

Tony had spent the last few days researching (with Jarvis's tireless
assistance) the basic principles of fire. He\'d poured over library
books and consulted online resources (as much as was available in 1987),
trying to understand the science behind it. He knew it involved a rapid
oxidation process, a release of energy in the form of heat and light.
But translating that scientific knowledge into practical magical
instruction for Eleanor was proving to be a challenge. It was one thing
to understand the theory; it was quite another to teach someone how to
*will* fire into existence.

"Okay," Tony began, turning to a fresh page in the journal. He carefully
wrote "Elemental Control: Fire" at the top of the page, underlining it
twice. "Today we're going to try something new. We're going to try to
create a flame."

Eleanor's eyes widened, reflecting the golden light of the setting sun.
"A flame?" she asked, her voice a mixture of excitement and
apprehension. "Like... real fire?"

"A small one," Tony reassured her, holding his thumb and forefinger a
short distance apart. "Just a tiny flicker. We'll be very careful." He
added a small note to the journal entry: "Emphasis on controlled and
safe practice."

*"Prudent to emphasize safety protocols," Jarvis commented.
"Uncontrolled combustion can have... undesirable consequences. We should
also ensure we have a method for immediate extinguishment on hand."*

Tony glanced around the porch. There was a small bucket of sand near the
steps, used for putting out cigarette butts. "We have that sand bucket
just in case," he murmured, more to himself than to Eleanor.

He then began to guide Eleanor through a series of visualization
exercises. "Close your eyes," he instructed, his voice gentle and
encouraging. "Imagine a spark. A tiny point of light, like a firefly in
the dark. Feel the warmth radiating from it, a gentle heat against your
skin."

Eleanor closed her eyes, her brow furrowed in concentration. Tony
watched her closely, noting her subtle reactions -- the slight twitch of
her eyelids, the way her breathing deepened.

*"Her focus appears adequate," Jarvis observed. "However, there is no
discernible energy fluctuation yet."*

"Now," Tony continued, "imagine that spark growing. Becoming brighter,
hotter. Feel the heat intensifying in your hand, spreading through your
fingers, warming your palm." He placed his own hand palm-up,
demonstrating. "Like you're holding a small ember."

Eleanor remained still for a few moments, but nothing happened. She
opened her eyes, a look of frustration clouding her features. "I don't
feel anything," she said, her voice tinged with disappointment.

*"Negative result," Jarvis stated. "Insufficient energy conversion.
Perhaps a different approach is required."*

"It's okay," Tony reassured her, offering a reassuring smile. "It takes
practice. This is a lot more complex than moving a twig. Let's try it
again. This time, focus on the energy within you. Imagine it flowing
outwards, like a warm current, converging at a single point in your
palm. Imagine all the warmth in your body flowing to that one spot."

They repeated the exercise several times, but still, nothing happened.
Eleanor's frustration grew, and she began to fidget in her seat.

*"Perhaps a more technical explanation would be beneficial," Jarvis
suggested. "The process of combustion requires a fuel source, an
oxidizing agent, and an ignition temperature. In this case, the fuel
source is the ambient energy, the oxidizing agent is the surrounding
air, and the ignition temperature is achieved through focused
concentration and directed will."*

Tony considered Jarvis's explanation. While technically accurate, it was
far too complex for Eleanor to grasp. He needed to find a way to
simplify it, to make it more intuitive. He thought back to his science
classes, trying to remember any analogies that might help.

"Okay," he said, trying to translate Jarvis's technical jargon into
simpler terms. "Imagine... imagine the energy inside you is like... tiny
little sparks. And you need to gather them all together and focus them
into one place. Like... focusing sunlight through a magnifying glass.
Remember how we used to burn holes in leaves with that?"

Eleanor's eyes lit up. "Oh, yeah!" she said. "I remember that."

*"A more effective analogy," Jarvis commented. "Visual metaphors can be
more readily processed by the human mind than complex scientific
principles."*

Eleanor closed her eyes again, picturing the tiny sparks gathering in
her hand, focusing them like sunlight through a magnifying glass. She
concentrated on the feeling of warmth, trying to intensify it,
remembering the feeling of the sun's rays on her skin.

*"Increased thermal activity detected," Jarvis noted.*

Suddenly, Eleanor gasped. "I feel it!" she whispered, her eyes still
closed. "A... a warmth. It's getting... hotter."

Tony leaned forward, his heart pounding in his chest. He could see a
faint shimmer of light in the center of Eleanor's palm, a subtle
distortion in the air above it.

*"Energy fluctuation detected," Jarvis announced. "A thermal reaction is
imminent. Prepare for ignition."*

And then, it happened. A tiny flicker of flame appeared in Eleanor's
palm, a small, dancing orange light, no bigger than a firefly. It lasted
only for a second, then quickly dissipated, leaving behind a wisp of
smoke and a lingering warmth.

Eleanor's eyes snapped open, her face alight with excitement and wonder.
"I did it!" she exclaimed, her voice filled with awe. "I made fire!"

Tony grinned, a wave of relief and excitement washing over him. "You
did!" he said, his voice full of pride. "That was amazing!"

*"A successful demonstration of pyrokinesis," Jarvis confirmed.
"Although the duration and intensity of the flame were minimal, it
represents a significant step forward in elemental control."*

They both stared at Eleanor's palm, still warm from the brief flicker of
flame. The air crackled with a sense of wonder and possibility.

But amidst the excitement, a sense of caution settled over Tony. He knew
that fire was a powerful and potentially dangerous force. They needed to
be careful, responsible.

"We need to be really careful with this," he said, his voice serious but
gentle. "Fire is... powerful. We don't want to lose control. We'll only
practice this when we're outside, and we'll always have the sand bucket
nearby, okay?"

Eleanor nodded, her excitement tempered with a newfound respect for the
power she had just unleashed. "I know," she said, her voice quieter now.
"We'll be careful."

*"A prudent acknowledgment of potential risks," Jarvis observed. "Safety
should remain a primary concern in all future experiments."*

Tony carefully documented everything in the journal, meticulously
recording the visualization techniques they had used, Eleanor's
sensations, and the fleeting appearance of the flame. He also noted
Jarvis's technical explanations, simplifying them into more
understandable terms for future reference. He wrote: \"Visualizing the
energy like focusing sunlight with a magnifying glass was effective.\"
