---
title: Chapter 54
chapter_number: 00054
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **A Glimmer of the Past**

The late summer sun beat down on the Millers\' backyard, the air thick
and humid. Cicadas buzzed in the trees, their rhythmic drone a constant
background hum. Tony and Eleanor sat on the porch steps, seeking refuge
from the heat. They had finished their practice session early, the heat
making it difficult to concentrate.

*"The ambient temperature is elevated, creating suboptimal conditions
for physical exertion," Jarvis observed within Tony's mind.*

Eleanor idly traced patterns in the dust with her finger, a thoughtful
expression on her face. After a moment of silence, she spoke, her voice
soft.

"You know," she began, "I remember... when I was with the Harrigans...
the house was always so clean. Too clean. Like no one actually lived
there. Everything was in its place, and it smelled like lemon cleaner
all the time."

Tony listened attentively, sensing that this was a significant moment
for Eleanor. He had learned to be patient, to let her share her memories
at her own pace.

"My room was small and empty," Eleanor continued, her voice barely above
a whisper. "Just a bed and a dresser. No pictures, no toys... nothing.
It felt like a storage closet."

*"She is accessing memories related to the traumatic event," Jarvis
noted. "Her emotional state is stable, indicating significant progress
in processing the trauma."*

"I had to do chores all day," Eleanor said, her voice growing slightly
stronger. "From morning until night. Mrs. Harrigan was always watching
me, making sure I did everything perfectly. And Mr. Harrigan... he was
always so quiet, but he would just stare at me. It made me feel...
small."

She paused, taking a deep breath. "They didn't give me much food. Just a
little bit of bread and water most mornings. They said it was an
'unnecessary expense' to feed me properly, even though the other kids
got more."

*"She is recalling specific details of the neglect and emotional abuse
she endured," Jarvis observed. "Her ability to recount these events with
relative composure demonstrates significant emotional resilience."*

Tony placed a comforting hand on her arm. "You didn't deserve any of
that, Eleanor," he said gently.

Eleanor shook her head slowly. "I know," she said. "But... it's hard to
forget. I remember one day, I saw a picture of a boy named Kevin. Mrs.
Harrigan told me he was 'special' and that they got extra money for him.
It made me feel like... like I wasn't worth anything."

As Eleanor spoke, a faint shimmer of light flickered around her hand, a
subtle manifestation of her magic. She didn't seem to notice it, but
Tony did.

Meanwhile, concealed in his usual observation post, Silas watched the
scene through his advanced surveillance equipment. He had already
confirmed their magical abilities. He was now looking for more details.

*"Subjects T and E are engaged in verbal communication," Silas noted,
his fingers flying across the keyboard of his portable computer.
"Subject E is recounting past experiences related to her time in foster
care. A slight increase in magical energy output is detected,
correlating with the emotional content of her narrative."*

He zoomed in on Eleanor's hand, noticing the faint shimmer of light. He
adjusted the settings on his equipment, capturing a high-resolution
image of the phenomenon.

*"Visual confirmation of magical energy manifestation," the synthesized
voice from the device announced. "Energy signature consistent with
previously observed patterns."*

Silas leaned back in his seat, a grim satisfaction on his face. He had
the evidence he needed. He had seen their magic with his own eyes,
captured it with his own equipment.

Back on the porch, Eleanor finished her recollection, a sense of relief
washing over her. She looked at Tony, a small smile on her face.

"Thank you for listening," she said.

"Anytime," Tony replied, returning her smile.

*"Your bond is a powerful catalyst for healing," Jarvis observed.*

Tony nodded, a thoughtful expression on his face. "I hope so," he
thought quietly. He watched as Eleanor waved from the doorway before
disappearing inside. Then, he turned and headed towards his own house, a
few blocks away. The shift in his demeanor was subtle but definite. The
easygoing, friendly Tony was receding, replaced by a more focused,
calculating presence. He began to think about what Jarvis had detected
earlier, the unknown magical influence. He knew they couldn't afford to
be unprepared.

*"A shift in your demeanor is noted," Jarvis observed as Tony walked
through his front door. "You are now exhibiting traits reminiscent of
your previous persona."*

"We need to be ready," Tony thought to Jarvis, closing the door behind
him. "Whatever that was, we can't take any chances."

"Agreed, Sir," Jarvis responded. "Prudence is advised."

He went straight to his room and began rummaging through his belongings.
He pulled out an old toolbox, a gift from his father, Evan, and began
sorting through its contents. He found some wires, some small electronic
components, and a few tools. He then went to his desk and began
sketching diagrams on a piece of paper, ideas flowing through his mind.
He would need to find some specific components, and he would need to
find a way to test his ideas without drawing attention from his parents.

*"You are accessing your knowledge of advanced technology and
integrating it with your current situation," Jarvis observed. "You
appear to be formulating a plan for self-preservation and defense. This
shift in focus indicates a significant change in your priorities. The
catalyst for this change appears to be the perceived threat to yourself
and Eleanor."*

"I need to make sure she's safe," Tony thought, his brow furrowed in
concentration. "I won't let anything happen to her."

"A commendable objective, Sir," Jarvis responded.

He began to work, his brow furrowed in concentration, a spark of his old
self returning. *This wasn\'t just about playing house anymore. This was
about protecting Eleanor. This was... necessary.*
