---
title: Chapter 56
chapter_number: 00056
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Whispers of Danger**

The chill of late autumn had settled over the town, painting the trees
in hues of fiery orange and deep crimson. Inside the Miller\'s house,
however, a different kind of chill had taken root. Eleanor sat huddled
on her bed, her normally bright eyes clouded with fear. The remnants of
a nightmare clung to her like a shroud.

Tony sat beside her, his hand resting gently on her arm. He'd been
coming over more often lately, ever since Jarvis had detected that
strange magical influence. He felt a growing sense of responsibility for
Eleanor's well-being, a protective instinct he couldn\'t ignore.

"It was... darker this time," Eleanor whispered, her voice trembling. "I
couldn't see their faces, but I felt them. They were... closer."

*"Eleanor is exhibiting signs of acute anxiety, likely triggered by a
recent traumatic dream sequence," Jarvis observed within Tony's mind.*

"What did you see?" Tony asked gently, his voice low and soothing.

Eleanor shivered. "I was in a... a dark place. Like a warehouse, maybe.
There were crates and shadows everywhere. And then... I heard them.
Whispering. My name... and yours."

*"The dream appears to contain elements of premonition," Jarvis noted.
"The specific mention of both your names suggests a direct threat
targeting both you and Eleanor."*

Tony's stomach tightened. He knew Eleanor's dreams weren't just
nightmares. They were something more, something he still didn\'t fully
understand.

"It's okay, Eleanor," he said, trying to sound reassuring, though a knot
of worry twisted in his gut. "I'm here. We'll figure this out."

But inside, he knew "figuring this out" meant more than just comforting
Eleanor. He needed a way to protect them, a way to see what was coming.

Back at his own house, Tony descended into the familiar chaos of his
basement workshop. The failed EMF detector sat on the workbench, a
testament to his initial miscalculation. But he wasn't discouraged. He'd
learned something valuable from the experiment: magic didn't directly
affect electromagnetic fields, but it *did* interfere with technology.
That was his new focus.

*"Your revised hypothesis is sound, Sir," Jarvis observed as Tony began
sketching new circuit diagrams. "Focusing on the disruptive effects of
magic on technological systems is a more promising avenue of inquiry."*

"Thanks, Jarvis," Tony thought back, his brow furrowed in concentration.
"It's not exactly what I had in mind, but it's something. We need a
wider range though. Jarvis how can we achieve this?"

*"Amplifying the sensitivity of the detection apparatus would be the
most effective approach, Sir. Increasing the number of detection points
would also provide greater spatial coverage."*

"So, more devices," Tony mused. "A perimeter. That means more parts."

He thought back to his father's garage, a treasure trove of discarded
electronics and spare parts. He knew he'd have to be careful this time.
His last request for a spool of wire had raised some eyebrows.

He found his father, Evan, under the hood of his motorcycle again,
muttering to himself.

"Need something else, Tony?" Evan asked, not looking up.

"Uh, yeah," Tony mumbled, trying to sound casual. "Just some... small
electronic components. You know... resistors, capacitors... maybe some
more wire."

Evan finally looked up, a suspicious glint in his eye. "What exactly are
you building down there, Tony? It sounds like you're constructing a
small radio station."

"It's... for a science project," Tony stammered, hoping his father
wouldn't press the issue.

Evan raised an eyebrow. "A science project that requires enough wire to
fence in the entire neighborhood?"

*"A slight exaggeration, Sir, but the point is valid," Jarvis noted.*

"It's a... big project," Tony said lamely.

Evan chuckled, shaking his head. "Alright, alright. I'll see what I can
find. But if I hear any explosions coming from the basement, you're
grounded for a month."

"Deal," Tony said, relieved.

With a fresh supply of components, Tony set to work. He envisioned a
network, not of individual detectors, but of signal emitters. Each
device would send a regular "ping" to a central receiver. If magic
interfered, the pings would stop, or become garbled, alerting him to the
presence of magic. He built several small devices, each containing a
simple timer circuit and a low-power radio transmitter, designed to send
a short burst of radio signal every second. He then constructed a more
complex central receiver in his basement, a radio receiver with multiple
channels, each tuned to a specific transmitter\'s frequency, connected
to a simple light panel. Each transmitter had a corresponding light on
the panel. If a signal was missed and the signal strength was also
decreasing prior to the signal loss, its corresponding light would flash
rapidly, indicating a potential disturbance. Jarvis was also constantly
analysing the data, looking for patterns. *"Sporadic signal loss is
within acceptable parameters, Sir,"* Jarvis reported. *"However,
consistent or patterned disruptions warrant further investigation. Also
the signal strength is decreasing prior to the signal loss in most
cases, which indicates interference and not a simple malfunction"*

He placed the transmitters strategically around his house and the
Miller\'s, creating a perimeter. After connecting the transmitters to
the central receiver, he flipped the main power switch. The light panel
flickered to life, each LED glowing steadily.

*"The perimeter is now operational, Sir," Jarvis announced. "Each device
is transmitting a signal to the central receiver at one-second
intervals. The effective range is approximately fifty meters from each
detection point."*

"Fifty meters," Tony thought, frowning. "That's not nearly enough. We
need to find a way to boost the signal strength."

*"Increasing the transmission power would extend the range, Sir.
However, this would also increase the risk of detection by external
monitoring systems."*

As Tony and Jarvis discussed the limitations of the current setup,
Eleanor was at the Miller\'s house, staring at a drawing she had made.
It was a crude sketch of a building, a warehouse perhaps, with a
distinctive arched window. She didn't know where she'd seen it, but it
felt important, a key to her premonition.

She showed the drawing to Tony when he arrived later that evening. He
studied it carefully, a growing unease settling in his stomach.

*"The structure in Eleanor's drawing bears a resemblance to several
industrial buildings in the outskirts of town," Jarvis noted. "Further
analysis is required to pinpoint a specific location."*

The whispers of danger were growing louder, more insistent. A sense of
urgency, a feeling of time slipping away, settled over Tony. He
couldn\'t explain it, but he felt as though they were running out of
time.
