---
title: Chapter 42
chapter_number: 00042
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **A Subtle Inquiry**

The air in the Evans' living room was warm and inviting, sunlight
streaming through the large bay window. Tony had come over after school,
ostensibly to work on a school project with Emily, but he had a
different agenda. He\'d noticed Lily carrying a rather unusual book the
previous day, and a strange, almost magnetic pull towards it had
lingered in his mind.

He found Lily settled in her favorite armchair, the book resting open in
her lap. It was bound in dark, worn leather, with no title visible on
the spine. Instead, faint, almost geometric patterns were embossed on
the cover, barely discernible unless you looked closely. It didn\'t look
like any of the other books in their house.

*"An unusual binding," Jarvis observed internally. "Possibly of
considerable age."*

Tony approached cautiously. "Hey, Mom," he said, trying to sound casual.
"What are you reading?"

Lily looked up, a slight startlement in her eyes, as if she hadn\'t
heard him approach. She quickly closed the book, placing a hand
protectively over the cover. "Oh, hi, Tony," she said, her tone a little
too bright. "Just... an old book I found. Nothing much."

Tony felt a flicker of suspicion. Lily was usually more open about what
she was reading. "It looks interesting," he said, gesturing towards the
book. "What's it about?"

Lily hesitated for a moment, then offered a vague explanation. "It's...
about historical beliefs. Superstitions, folklore, that sort of thing."
She tucked the book under a cushion on the chair.

*"A rather abrupt change of subject," Jarvis noted. "Her behavior
suggests a desire to conceal the book's contents."*

Tony sat on the edge of the sofa, trying to appear nonchalant. "Like...
magic and stuff?" he asked, casually.

"Well," Lily said, a small smile playing on her lips, "people in the
past certainly had some interesting ideas about magic. They believed in
all sorts of things -- curses, charms, magical creatures..."

"Why do you think they believed in it so much?" Tony asked. "Was there
ever any real... proof?"

Lily's smile faded slightly. "It's difficult to say," she said, her
voice becoming more thoughtful. "In those times, the world was a much
more mysterious place. People didn't understand the natural world as
well as we do now. So, they often attributed unexplained events to
supernatural forces."

"So, you don't think there's any truth to it?" Tony asked, carefully
watching her reaction.

Lily paused, choosing her words carefully. "Belief is a powerful thing,
Tony," she said. "People find meaning and comfort in different ways. But
as for actual magic... well, that's another story."

Tony shifted slightly on the sofa, a thought nagging at him. He decided
to take a more personal approach. "Imagine," he began, phrasing it as a
hypothetical, "Imagine someone felt this... like there was something
more to the world than we can see. Like... energy or something. A
tingling, almost. Do you think that means anything?"

As he spoke, he watched Lily's expression closely. Her casual demeanor
vanished, replaced by a look of deep concern. A chill ran down her
spine. *"That... that sounds like... it couldn't be,"* she thought, her
heart sinking. *"But if he's... if he's experiencing uncontrolled magic,
suppressing it... it could become dangerous. An Obscurial..."* The
thought sent a wave of fear through her, memories of stories from her
past flashing through her mind. Stories of young magic users whose magic
turned inward, becoming a destructive force.

*"Her physiological responses indicate a significant increase in stress
levels," Jarvis observed internally. "Pupil dilation, increased heart
rate..."*

Externally, Lily forced herself to remain composed, though her voice
took on a more serious tone. She avoided directly addressing the
possibility of magic but focused on his well-being. "Tony," she said,
her eyes filled with concern, "if you ever... if you ever feel anything
you can't explain, anything that worries you, you *must* tell me.
Promise me."

Tony, sensing her sudden shift in mood, became uncomfortable. He
downplayed his description, saying, "Oh, it's nothing, really. Just a
weird feeling I get sometimes." He tried to steer the conversation back
to safer topics, mentioning his school project with Emily.

Lily continued to look at him with concern, but she didn't press the
issue further. She knew pushing him too hard might make him clam up. *"I
have to be careful,"* she thought. *"I don't want to frighten him. But I
need to know... I need to make sure he's safe."*

*"Her concern is palpable," Jarvis observed. "It appears your
hypothetical scenario has elicited a strong emotional response."*

Tony felt a pang of guilt for deceiving his mother, especially given her
genuine concern. He realized that Lily's reaction wasn't just casual
curiosity; she was genuinely worried about him. *She knows something,*
he thought. *Something about magic. And she's afraid.*

He thought back to the book he had seen her with. Maybe it was a clue.
He resolved that he *would* tell her about his and Eleanor's magic
eventually, but only after he was certain she was ready to hear it and
that he and Eleanor had better control of their abilities. He also began
to suspect that her secrecy was to protect him from something related to
magic. The feeling of guilt mixed with a sense of protectiveness towards
his mother. He would keep their secret, for now, for both their sake.
