---
title: Chapter 30
chapter_number: 30
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 30: Shifting Focus**

The early morning sun cast long shadows across the quiet street as Silas
took up his position. He leaned casually against a lamppost, a newspaper
held loosely in his hand, his eyes fixed on the entrance of Ms.
Ramirez's apartment building. He had chosen his attire carefully --
unremarkable jeans, a plain jacket, a baseball cap pulled low over his
forehead. He blended seamlessly into the flow of No-Maj commuters,
another face in the crowd. A subtle Disillusionment Charm shimmered
around him, further enhancing his anonymity. His instructions were
clear: a No-Maj woman named Ramirez, working for Child Services, had
been digging into sensitive cases, cross-referencing them with
historical data. It was his job to monitor her discreetly, find out what
she knew, who she was talking to, and what she planned to do. And, if
necessary, ensure she didn\'t become a problem.

He observed the building for several hours, noting the comings and
goings of its residents. Finally, at precisely 8:15 AM, Ms. Ramirez
emerged, a briefcase in hand and a determined set to her jaw. Silas
straightened up, folding his newspaper and tucking it under his arm. He
followed her at a discreet distance, keeping pace with the flow of
pedestrians on the sidewalk. He watched as she boarded a public bus,
then boarded the same bus a few stops later, taking a seat near the
back. He was trained to observe, to blend, to become a shadow.

At Ms. Ramirez's office building, Silas watched her disappear inside. He
found a nearby coffee shop with a clear view of the entrance and settled
in, ordering a black coffee and keeping his eyes glued to the glass
doors. He observed the comings and goings of other employees, watched
Ms. Ramirez interact with her colleagues through the windows, noting her
focused expression as she spoke on the phone and typed on her computer.
He overheard snippets of conversations -- talk of foster care
placements, mountains of paperwork, the constant struggle to find
suitable homes for children in need. It painted a picture of a woman
dedicated to her work, a picture that didn\'t quite fit with the initial
assessment he had received.

Later that afternoon, Silas watched Ms. Ramirez leave her office and
board another bus. This time, however, she didn\'t return to her
apartment. She got off in a quiet suburban neighborhood and walked
towards a modest house with a well-kept lawn. The Miller\'s residence.
Silas watched as Ms. Ramirez approached the front door and was greeted
by a young girl with bright, inquisitive eyes. This was his first
glimpse of the child.

He watched the interaction closely -- the warm hug, the shared smile, a
brief conversation about a drawing the girl held up proudly. It was a
simple, everyday scene, yet it was the key piece of the puzzle Silas had
been searching for. Ms. Ramirez wasn't investigating them; her concern
stemmed from a personal connection to this child. He needed more
information.

Over the next few days, Silas intensified his surveillance. He learned
the girl's name -- Eleanor. He observed her routine: school, the local
park, quiet evenings at home with the Miller family. He noticed small,
unusual things: a faint shimmer around her when she became agitated, the
way small objects sometimes seemed to shift slightly when she wasn't
looking. He even managed to subtly enhance his hearing with a simple
charm to catch snippets of her conversations. He heard her talking about
dreams she had, dreams that seemed too vivid, too real. He heard Mrs.
Miller gently dismissing them as just her imagination.

One afternoon, Silas observed Eleanor in the park. She was sitting on a
bench, sketching in a notebook, her brow furrowed in concentration. A
small bird landed on the back of the bench, startling her. As she
flinched, the pencil in her hand twitched, jumping a few inches across
the page. It was a small, almost imperceptible movement, but Silas saw
it. He saw the flicker of surprise in Eleanor's eyes, the quick glance
around to see if anyone had noticed.

That night, Silas contacted Thorne. "Thorne here," the sharp voice
answered.

"It's Silas, sir. I have an update on Ramirez."

"Report."

"She's not investigating our operations. Her focus is a child in her
care, a girl named Eleanor. I've been observing her for the past few
days. There are... irregularities."

"Irregularities?" Thorne's voice was laced with suspicion.

"Small things, sir. Objects moving, heightened senses... I observed an
incident in the park today. Her pencil... it moved on its own. It wasn't
much, but..."

There was a pause. Then Thorne's voice, now laced with a chilling
anticipation, said, "So, she's one of them. A sensitive. Excellent.
Forget Ramirez. Your priority is Subject E -- Eleanor. Observe her,
assess her capabilities. We need to know the extent of her... talents.
Our... *associates* are very interested in certain... *assets*. Ensure
she remains... *available*."

Silas felt a chill run down his spine. The implications of Thorne's
words were clear. The focus had shifted. The hunt had begun.
"Understood, sir," he replied, his voice barely a whisper.

He returned to his observation post, his gaze now fixed on Eleanor. He
watched her from a distance, perhaps watching her play in a local park,
walk home from school, or interact with the Miller family.
