---
title: Chapter 4
chapter_number: 00004
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Growing Up Evans**

The world was a chaotic symphony of sensory input. Everything was
amplified, overwhelming. The harsh fluorescent lights of the hospital
room burned into Tony's still-developing eyes, the constant beeping of
machines a relentless assault on his ears. *Seriously? This is the body
I'm stuck with? No noise-canceling tech, no heads-up display, just...
this.* He wiggled his tiny toes, the movement feeling clumsy and
uncoordinated. *I used to fly at Mach 5. Now I can't even control my own
extremities.*

"Coo," he managed, the sound a pathetic gurgle that barely registered
above the din.

"Oh, look, Evan!" a soft voice cooed back, laced with a warmth that
reached deep within him. Lily. He could recognize her touch, the gentle
pressure of her hand against his cheek, the scent of lavender and
something faintly floral that always seemed to surround her.

"He's trying to talk to us!" she exclaimed, her voice brimming with joy.

Tony felt a larger, calloused hand carefully trace the outline of his
tiny fingers. Evan. *Factory worker. Solid, dependable. A good man.* The
memories of his previous life were sharp, clear, a stark contrast to the
frustrating limitations of his current existence. He *knew* what those
hands were capable of, the strength they possessed, the years of hard
work they represented.

"He's a thinker, that one," Evan rumbled, a deep chuckle vibrating in
his chest. He watched Tony's unfocused gaze with a mixture of amusement
and pride.

"He gets that from you," Lily replied, a playful lilt in her voice.
"Always tinkering with something in the garage."

Tony scoffed internally, managing a weak, almost imperceptible eye roll.
*Tinkering? I built an arc reactor in a cave with a box of scraps! I
designed and built multiple iterations of advanced powered armor!
This... this is an insult to my intelligence.*

"Sir," Jarvis's calm, familiar voice echoed within his mind, a constant
companion in this bizarre new life. "Your motor functions are developing
at a standard rate for an infant of your age. However, your cognitive
activity is... significantly advanced."

*Tell me something I don't know, J,* Tony retorted mentally, managing
another weak gurgle. *I feel like a genius trapped in a pudding cup. A
very uncomfortable, diaper-clad pudding cup.*

"Indeed, Sir. A rather... inelegant analogy, but I understand your
sentiment. Perhaps we could focus on more productive pursuits? I am
attempting to analyze the energy signatures surrounding you. They bear a
resemblance to the energy released by the Infinity Stones, yet they
possess a distinctly different... quality."

*Magic,* Tony thought, the word a foreign concept in his scientifically
grounded mind. *You're telling me I'm surrounded by... magic?*

"The data is inconclusive, Sir," Jarvis replied. "But the readings
are... anomalous."

Time passed in a blur of feedings, diaper changes, and endless hours of
staring at the world from his crib. Each day felt like an eternity, each
small milestone a frustrating reminder of his previous capabilities. He
*knew* how to walk, how to run, how to fly, yet he was confined to
crawling, his movements clumsy and uncoordinated.

One afternoon, when Tony was just over a year old, Evan brought home a
broken radio from the factory. It was an old, bulky model, its back
panel removed, revealing a chaotic tangle of wires, tubes, and
resistors. He placed it on the kitchen table, intending to fix it when
he had some free time.

Tony, drawn by an almost irresistible force, crawled towards the table,
his eyes fixed on the exposed circuitry. He *knew* how radios worked.
He'd designed and built far more complex communication devices. This was
child's play.

He reached up, grabbing a loose wire, his tiny fingers tracing its path.
He followed the wire to a specific connection on the circuit board, a
small, almost imperceptible point where it had become detached. He
babbled, pointing with his finger. "Fix."

Lily, who had been watching him with a mixture of amusement and concern,
gasped. "Evan, look!"

Evan, who knew his way around basic electronics, froze. He looked at the
connection Tony was pointing to, then back at his son, his brow furrowed
in confusion. He hesitated, then carefully connected the wire.

The radio sputtered to life, a burst of static followed by a crackly
tune.

Lily's hand flew to her mouth, her eyes wide with disbelief. "Evan!
How...?"

Evan shook his head, a mixture of bewilderment and awe on his face.
"I... I don't know," he admitted, his gaze fixed on Tony, who was now
staring intently at the radio, his brow furrowed in concentration. "He
just... pointed to it. He's... something else, Lily. Something...
special."

Tony internally scoffed. *Special? I'm Tony Stark. I'm Iron Man. I've
saved the universe. I'm not just "special."*

"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis commented dryly within his mind. "Your
subconscious recollection of electronic circuitry appears to be
influencing your actions. The connection you indicated was, in fact, the
correct one."

*No kidding, J. I built the damn thing in the first place,* Tony
thought, managing a small, almost imperceptible shrug. He looked back at
his parents, their faces a mixture of awe and confusion. He managed a
weak smile. *Guess I'll just have to play along for now. For a while.*

The next few months were a constant struggle between his advanced mind
and his limited body. He *knew* how to speak, how to form complex
sentences, yet he was limited to babbling and simple words. He *knew*
how to perform complex calculations, yet he struggled to stack a few
wooden blocks.

"He's so determined," Lily would say, watching him struggle to reach a
toy just out of his grasp. "He never gives up."

*If only you knew,* Tony thought, a wry smile playing on his lips.
*Giving up isn't exactly in my nature.*
