---
title: Chapter 24
chapter_number: 24
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 24: Building Trust**

*Past*

The fluorescent lights of the department store hummed overhead, making
Eleanor feel slightly dizzy. Racks of colorful clothes stretched as far
as she could see, an overwhelming array of choices she had never
experienced before. Mrs. Miller gently squeezed her hand.

"It's okay, dear," she said, her voice warm and reassuring. "Take your
time. Pick out anything you like."

Eleanor hesitated, her gaze darting from one item to another. She was
used to wearing hand-me-downs, clothes that were often too big or too
small, clothes that never felt like her own. The idea of choosing
something *she* liked felt strange, almost forbidden.

Ms. Ramirez, who had accompanied them on the shopping trip, smiled
encouragingly. "Maybe we can start with a favorite color?" she suggested
gently.

Eleanor thought for a moment. She had always liked blue, the color of
the sky on a clear day. She pointed to a simple blue sweater hanging on
a nearby rack.

"That's a lovely choice," Mrs. Miller said, beaming. She took the
sweater down and held it up for Eleanor to see. "Why don't you try it
on?"

In the small fitting room, Eleanor carefully slipped the sweater over
her head. It was soft and warm, and it fit perfectly. She looked at
herself in the mirror, a small flicker of surprise in her eyes. She
actually liked the way she looked.

With Mrs. Miller and Ms. Ramirez's gentle encouragement, Eleanor picked
out a few more items -- a pair of jeans, a simple t-shirt, and a warm
jacket. It was a small step, but it was a step nonetheless. She was
starting to feel a tiny bit more comfortable, a tiny bit more like she
belonged.

Later that afternoon, back at the Miller's house, Mr. Miller was in the
living room, attempting to teach Eleanor a simple card game. He was
telling a silly joke to illustrate a rule, and to everyone's surprise,
Eleanor giggled. It was a small, hesitant giggle, but it was genuine.

Mr. Miller's face lit up. "That's it!" he exclaimed, beaming. "You got
it!"

Ms. Ramirez, who was also visiting, smiled warmly at Eleanor. It was a
small moment, a fleeting sound, but it was a sign that Eleanor was
starting to relax, starting to let go of some of the fear that had been
holding her captive for so long.

Later, Eleanor was in the backyard, playing with the Miller's golden
retriever, Buddy. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, and for
the first time since coming to live with the Millers, Eleanor felt a
genuine sense of happiness. She laughed as Buddy chased a butterfly, his
tail wagging furiously.

Suddenly, a small whirlwind of leaves erupted around Eleanor, swirling
around her in a miniature tornado. She giggled, thinking it was funny.
Buddy barked playfully, trying to catch the swirling leaves.

Mrs. Miller and Ms. Ramirez, who were watching from the kitchen window,
exchanged glances.

"Look at that gust of wind!" Mrs. Miller exclaimed, smiling. "Buddy
seems to be enjoying it."

Ms. Ramirez, however, was watching Eleanor closely. She noted the way
the leaves seemed to be swirling only around Eleanor, and the way the
wind seemed to have appeared out of nowhere on an otherwise still day. A
flicker of unease crossed her face. She was starting to become more and
more suspicious of the strange occurrences surrounding Eleanor. She made
a note in her mind to start documenting these incidents.

*Present Day*

The memory of the swirling leaves and Buddy's playful barks faded as the
school bell rang, signaling the start of recess. Tony immediately looked
for Eleanor. He spotted her by the fence, as usual, but this time, she
wasn't completely alone. She was watching some of the other children
play a game of tag, her expression unreadable. *Progress,* Tony thought,
a small smile tugging at his lips. *Maybe today will be different.*

He grinned and hurried over to the kindergarten area. He found Billy and
Sarah near the swings, just as he expected. Billy was still a bit
hesitant and shy, kicking at a loose stone on the ground, while Sarah
was excitedly recounting a story to a group of other kindergarteners.

"Hey!" Tony called, waving to get their attention. "You guys ready?"

Sarah's face lit up when she saw him. "Tony! Hi!" she exclaimed,
breaking away from the group. Billy looked up, a small smile appearing
on his face.

Tony led them over to Eleanor. As they approached, Eleanor noticed them
and her expression shifted from passive observation to a look of mild
surprise.

"Hi, Eleanor," Tony said, smiling. "We were thinking... maybe we could
all play together?"

Sarah, ever enthusiastic, immediately suggested, "Let's play on the
swings! There's a big one that all three of us can fit on!"

Billy, still a bit shy, looked at Eleanor and then at the ground,
shuffling his feet. "O-or we could... build a sandcastle," he mumbled.

Eleanor looked from Sarah's eager face to Billy's hesitant one, then
back to Tony. A small, almost imperceptible smile touched her lips. She
didn't say anything, but she took a small step away from the fence, a
clear indication that she was willing to join them.

Tony beamed. "Great! What do you want to do, Eleanor?" he asked gently.

She hesitated for a moment, then whispered, "Swings."

Sarah squealed with delight and grabbed Eleanor's hand, pulling her
towards the swings. Billy, after a moment's hesitation, followed close
behind, a small smile playing on his lips. Tony brought up the rear,
feeling a warmth spread through his chest. *This is good,* he thought.
*This is really good.*

As they walked towards the swings, Tony felt a familiar tug on his
awareness. *Jarvis?* he thought.

*Present, Sir,* Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind. *I am observing the
girl.*

*Eleanor? What do you see?* Tony asked, his thoughts focused on the girl
walking slightly ahead of him, hand in hand with Sarah.

*Her soul... it is... fractured,* Jarvis responded, his tone somber.
*But... there are small points of light beginning to emerge. When she
interacts with you and your companions, I detect slight fluctuations, a
strengthening of her core. It is... promising.*

Tony felt a surge of hope at Jarvis's words. *So, being around us is
helping her?*

*It appears so, Sir,* Jarvis confirmed. *Connection, positive
interaction... these are powerful forces in the healing of a soul.*

They reached the swings, and Sarah immediately clambered onto the
largest one, pulling Eleanor up beside her. Billy hesitated, then took a
seat on a smaller swing nearby. Tony pushed the large swing gently, and
the girls began to swing higher and higher, their laughter echoing
across the playground. Billy started to swing as well, a small smile
playing on his lips.

As Tony watched them, a brief image flashed through Eleanor's mind: a
hand, hard and calloused, gripping her arm tightly, a voice yelling at
her for some forgotten transgression. She flinched, her grip tightening
on the swing chains.

Tony, noticing her sudden change in demeanor, stopped pushing the swing.
"Eleanor? Are you okay?" he asked, his voice full of concern.

Eleanor blinked, the image fading. She looked at Tony, her eyes wide and
slightly panicked. She quickly looked away, shaking her head slightly.
She didn't want to talk about it.

Tony glanced at Jarvis, a silent question in his mind.

*Patience, Sir,* Jarvis's voice echoed gently. *Trust takes time.*

Tony nodded, understanding. He knew Jarvis was right. He gave the swing
a gentle push again, offering Eleanor a reassuring smile. He then went
to the swing Billy was on and gently pushed him as well. He then went
back to the larger swing and pushed it again. He could see Eleanor
slowly relaxing again, her small smile returning.
