---
title: Chapter 7
chapter_number: 7
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

**Chapter 7: The Kindergarten Question (1985-1986)**

The children's museum was a whirlwind of activity. Bright colors,
flashing lights, and the excited shrieks of children filled the air. For
five-year-old Tony, it was... an exercise in patience.

He wandered through the exhibits, his gaze sweeping over the various
displays with a detached curiosity. The interactive exhibits, designed
to teach basic scientific principles, held little challenge for his
already advanced mind. He had grasped concepts like gravity, force, and
motion years ago, in what felt like a completely different lifetime.

*These demonstrations are... rudimentary,* Tony thought, a mental sigh
escaping him. *It's like explaining the intricacies of a nuclear fusion
reactor using finger puppets. Efficient for the target audience, I
suppose, but hardly stimulating.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind. "While I understand your
assessment, it is important to remember that these exhibits are designed
to introduce fundamental concepts to developing minds. Their purpose is
pedagogical, not to present cutting-edge research."

*Point taken, J,* Tony thought back, rolling his eyes internally. He
stopped in front of a display demonstrating levers and pulleys. A small
boy, no older than five, was struggling to lift a heavy block using a
complex system of ropes and pulleys. His brow was furrowed in
concentration, his tongue peeking out from the corner of his mouth.

Tony observed him for a moment, analyzing his inefficient technique. The
boy was applying force in the wrong direction, creating unnecessary
friction. Almost without thinking, Tony stepped forward and subtly
adjusted the configuration of the ropes, reducing the mechanical
advantage required. The boy pulled again, and the block lifted
effortlessly.

The boy's eyes widened in surprise, a look of pure wonder on his face.
"Wow! How did you do that?"

Tony simply shrugged, managing an innocent look. "It's just... leverage.
Distribute the weight efficiently."

"Perhaps a more age-appropriate explanation would be beneficial, Sir,"
Jarvis's voice echoed in his mind, a hint of amusement in his tone.
"Something along the lines of 'I just moved the rope a little bit' would
suffice."

*Right, J. Got it,* Tony thought, mentally face-palming. He was going to
have to work on this "blending in" thing.

Lily, who had been watching from a short distance away, approached them,
a mixture of pride and concern on her face. "Tony, sweetheart, you're
very good at this," she said gently. "But maybe you should let the other
children have a turn."

"It's not challenging, Mama," Tony said, his voice surprisingly clear
for his age. "The principles are quite basic. The mechanical advantage
is easily calculable."

Lily exchanged a quick glance with Evan, who had also joined them. A
flicker of worry crossed his face.

"I know, honey," Lily said, kneeling down to Tony's level. "But it's
important to be patient. Everyone learns at their own pace."

Over the next year, these incidents became more frequent. Tony's
advanced intellect became increasingly difficult to conceal. He would
ask questions that were far beyond his age, offer solutions to problems
that baffled adults, and generally demonstrate a level of understanding
that was simply... unusual.

One evening, after Tony had effortlessly assembled a complex model
airplane kit designed for children twice his age, Lily sat down with
Evan, a serious expression on her face.

"Evan," she said, her voice low. "We need to talk about Tony."

Evan nodded, his brow furrowed. "I know," he said. "He's...
extraordinary."

"He's brilliant," Lily corrected him gently. "He's reading at a
third-grade level, Evan. He understands concepts that most children his
age wouldn't even begin to grasp. He's even started asking me about...
about things I haven't told him about." She trailed off, a hint of worry
in her voice.

"What kind of things?" Evan asked, his voice laced with concern.

Lily hesitated, then sighed. "He asked me about... well, he asked me if
our family had any... unusual traditions. Things that other families
don't do."

Evan's brow furrowed deeper. He knew Lily had secrets, things she kept
hidden from him. He had always suspected it, but he had never pressed
her on it. But now... Tony's questions were forcing the issue.

"I told him it was just old family stories," Lily continued, her voice
barely a whisper. "But I don\'t know how much longer I can keep it from
him."

"We'll figure it out, Lily-pad," Evan said, reaching out and taking her
hand. "We always do."

"I think," Lily said, her voice regaining some of its strength, "I think
it's time to enroll him in kindergarten."

Evan blinked, surprised. "Kindergarten? I thought we might wait another
year."

"I know," Lily said. "But I spoke to Mrs. Davison, the principal at the
elementary school. She suggested that placing him in kindergarten would
be the best option for his social development. She said it would be good
for him to interact with children his own age, even if the academics are
a bit... below his level. Besides, they have some advanced programs
there for children who need more of a challenge."

Evan considered this for a moment, then nodded slowly. "If you think
it's the right thing to do," he said. "Then we'll do it."

Upstairs, in his room, Tony overheard their conversation. He had been
listening through the heating vents, a habit he had developed to gather
information.

"Sir," Jarvis commented. "It appears your parents are discussing your
educational trajectory."

*No kidding, J,* Tony thought back, a small smile playing on his lips.
*Looks like I'm finally joining the ranks of the... educated masses.*

"Indeed, Sir," Jarvis replied. "It appears your advanced cognitive
abilities have necessitated a formal educational setting. However, I
would advise caution. Drawing undue attention to yourself could have
unforeseen consequences."

Tony chuckled softly. He was looking forward to kindergarten. It might
be remedial, but it would be a new environment, a new set of challenges.
And perhaps, just perhaps, he would find someone who could at least hold
a conversation about something other than finger painting.
