---
title: Chapter 15
chapter_number: 15
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 15: Shared Beginnings (January 1987)**

The kindergarten classroom felt cavernous without the children's
chatter. Empty chairs were stacked against the walls, and the colorful
artwork that had once adorned the bulletin boards had been taken down,
leaving behind faded rectangles of paper. The Christmas tree, stripped
of its ornaments, stood forlornly in the corner. Tony stood by the
window, tracing patterns on the dusty glass, a familiar ache in his
chest.

"I'll miss the glitter glue," Sarah said, her voice small, her lower lip
trembling slightly. She held up a small, lopsided clay heart, its
surface covered in shimmering gold glitter. "I made this for you."

Tony turned, a small smile touching his lips. He took the heart, turning
it over in his hands, the glitter catching the weak winter light.
"It's...efficient," he said, a hint of his old dry wit slipping through.
He quickly softened his tone as he saw Sarah's face fall slightly. "It's
perfect, Sarah. Really." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a
folded piece of paper. "I made this for you." It was a drawing of Sarah
with her angel wings, surrounded by stars, the paper carefully folded so
as not to smudge the crayon.

Billy shuffled his feet, kicking at a loose thread on the carpet. He
held out a small, smooth grey stone. "Found this by the creek," he
mumbled, avoiding eye contact. "Thought you might like it."

Tony took the stone, feeling its cool smoothness in his palm. He closed
his eyes for a moment, a fleeting image of a little girl with bright,
inquisitive eyes flashing through his mind -- a memory from a lifetime
ago, a memory that resonated strangely with the warmth he felt for
Billy. *Like... a son,* he thought, the unfamiliar word echoing in his
mind.

A heavy silence settled over them. Sarah's eyes began to glisten with
tears, and she sniffled softly. Before Tony knew it, she had thrown her
arms around him, her small body trembling. He instinctively returned the
hug, feeling a surge of protectiveness wash over him. *Like... a
daughter,* he thought, the echo of the previous thought returning.

Billy, after a moment's hesitation, joined the hug, his small hand
clutching Tony's sleeve. Tony felt a lump forming in his throat, a
strange mix of sadness and warmth. *My children,* a voice whispered in
the back of his mind, a voice that sounded strangely like his own, yet
older, wiser. He blinked back the unexpected moisture gathering in his
eyes. He wouldn't cry. Not now.

The bell rang, its sharp sound echoing through the empty classroom,
shattering the moment. Sarah pulled back, wiping her eyes with the back
of her hand. Billy just gave a small, almost imperceptible nod, a single
tear tracing a path down his cheek.

"I'll come visit," Tony said, his voice firm, trying to mask the emotion
swirling inside him. "We can still... collaborate." He offered a small,
confident smirk, a flash of the old Tony.

Sarah nodded, a watery smile on her face. Billy just nodded again,
unable to speak.

It was time.

The elementary school was a different world altogether. The hallways
were long and wide, filled with the boisterous energy of older children.
Lockers lined the walls, their metal doors slamming shut with resounding
clangs. Tony, clutching his small backpack and the gifts from his
friends, felt dwarfed by the sheer size of the building and the sea of
unfamiliar faces. He checked the crumpled piece of paper in his hand
again -- 1st Grade, Room 12.

He navigated the hallway with a surprising sense of purpose, despite the
unfamiliar surroundings. The scent of floor wax and stale lunch hung in
the air, a stark contrast to the familiar smell of crayons and playdough
in his old classroom.

At the same time, a car pulled up outside the school. A young girl with
dark hair and wide, serious eyes stepped out, clutching a worn cloth
doll to her chest. Her foster parents, a kind-looking couple, Mr. and
Mrs. Miller, knelt down to speak to her.

"Just remember what we talked about, Eleanor," Mrs. Miller said, her
voice gentle. "It's okay to be nervous, but try to be brave. You'll make
new friends."

Eleanor nodded silently, her gaze fixed on the ground. She took a deep
breath and walked towards the school entrance, her small figure
swallowed by the large double doors.

Inside Room 12, the first-grade classroom was already buzzing with
activity. Desks were arranged in neat rows, and colorful alphabet charts
adorned the walls. Children were chatting excitedly, their voices a mix
of anticipation and nervous energy.

Tony stood hesitantly by the door for only a moment, quickly assessing
the room before walking confidently towards the teacher, a tall, smiling
woman with warm brown eyes. "You must be Mrs. Peterson," he said,
extending his small hand with surprising formality. "I'm Anthony Evans."

Mrs. Peterson's eyebrows rose slightly in surprise at his formal
introduction, but she quickly recovered and shook his hand warmly. "It's
a pleasure to meet you, Anthony," she said, her voice friendly. "We've
been expecting you."

She placed a hand gently on his shoulder and led him to the front of the
classroom. "Class, I'd like you to meet our new student, Anthony." She
smiled warmly at him. "Anthony, why don't you tell us a little bit about
yourself?"

Tony stood tall, a small, confident smirk playing on his lips. "Well,"
he began, his voice clear and surprisingly resonant for a six-year-old,
"I'm Tony. I used to be in kindergarten here. I enjoy...engineering,
art, and a good story. And I'm always up for a challenge."

A few children giggled at his use of "engineering," but Mrs. Peterson
simply smiled. "That's wonderful, Tony. I'm sure you'll fit right in.
Why don't you take a seat at that empty desk near the back?"

Just as Tony settled into his seat, the classroom door opened again, and
Mrs. Miller entered, gently guiding Eleanor by the hand. Eleanor still
clutched her doll tightly.

"Class," Mrs. Peterson announced, her voice still warm and welcoming,
"we have another new student joining us today. This is Eleanor." She
smiled at Eleanor, who kept her gaze fixed on the floor. "Eleanor, would
you like to tell the class anything about yourself?"

Eleanor shook her head slightly, her grip tightening on the doll.

"That's alright," Mrs. Peterson said gently. "Perhaps you'll tell us
more later. Why don't you sit at that empty desk next to Tony?" She
gestured to the desk a few over from where Tony had just sat.

Eleanor walked slowly to the desk, her eyes darting nervously around the
room before finally settling on Tony. Their eyes met briefly -- a
fleeting exchange of shared uncertainty and a hint of recognition.
