---
title: Chapter 63
chapter_number: 00063
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Ghost in the Machine**

The morning after the attack was a study in contrasts. Outside, the sun
shone brightly, birds chirped, and life went on as if nothing had
happened. Inside the Miller's house, however, the atmosphere was thick
with tension. The living room, a casualty of the previous night's brief
but violent magical incursion, served as a stark reminder of the danger
they were in.

Elara moved with practiced efficiency, her wand a blur of motion as she
repaired the magical wards that protected the house. *"Reparo,"* she
murmured, mending hairline fractures in the walls and reinforcing the
shimmering, almost invisible barrier that surrounded the property. The
air crackled faintly with residual magical energy. Mr. Miller, his face
grim, was busy patching the larger holes in the wall and replacing the
shattered sections of the front door. The scorch marks from the
*Confringo* spell stubbornly resisted any magical repair, requiring more
mundane methods. The smell of sawdust and fresh wood mingled with the
lingering scent of ozone.

Tony, however, wasn't focused on the physical damage. He was in the
basement, hunched over his workbench, a look of intense concentration on
his face. He held a disassembled mobile phone in his hands, his brow
furrowed in frustration. He had intended to create a simple, reliable
communication device as a backup plan, something that would allow them
to call for help if their magical defenses failed. But every time he
tried to power on the device, the screen flickered erratically, the
circuits shorted out, and the phone became unresponsive.

*"Jarvis, diagnostics,"* he muttered, his voice tight.

*"Analyzing, Sir. The device is experiencing significant electromagnetic
interference. The ambient magical energy within the house is disrupting
the delicate electrical circuits, causing them to malfunction."*

"So, standard tech is useless here," Tony sighed, tossing the phone onto
the workbench. He had suspected as much, but he had hoped there might be
a workaround. He remembered the EMP device he had modified, how it had
disrupted the Scourers' magic. But that was a defensive measure,
designed to interfere with magic, not to function within a magical
environment.

He watched Elara as she continued her work on the wards, her wand moving
in intricate patterns. She muttered incantations under her breath, and
the air around her shimmered with barely visible magical energy. He
noticed how the ambient magic seemed to bend and flow around her,
responding to her will.

*"Jarvis,"* Tony said, an idea beginning to form in his mind. *"I want
you to analyze the magical energy flow when Elara uses her magic. Focus
on the energy signatures, the fluctuations, anything you can detect."*

*"Observing, Sir,"* Jarvis responded. *"I am detecting a distinct flow
of energy emanating from Ms. Blackwood, conducting through her wand and
manifesting as the observed magical effects. The energy exhibits a
unique frequency pattern, fluctuating slightly depending on the specific
spell being cast. When she casts a more powerful spell, the frequency
increases, and I detect an influx of ambient magical energy being drawn
into the wand."*

"So, it's like... resonance," Tony mused, remembering the principles of
physics he had learned. "Like when a tuning fork vibrates at the same
frequency as another, and they both start vibrating together."

*"Precisely, Sir,"* Jarvis confirmed. *"The wand appears to have a
resonant frequency that amplifies Ms. Blackwood's magical energy when it
flows through the core. There is a correlation between the power of the
spell and the shift in frequency and the amount of ambient magic drawn
in."*

Tony's mind began to race. If magic operated on frequencies, and if
certain materials resonated with those frequencies, then perhaps...
perhaps he could find a way to bridge the gap between magic and
technology. Perhaps he could create devices that didn't just malfunction
in the presence of magic, but actually *used* it.

*"Jarvis, I want you to analyze the materials on my workbench,"* Tony
instructed, his voice filled with newfound excitement. He picked up a
piece of steel, a quartz crystal, a fragment of dragon scale, and a
strand of unicorn hair. *"Tell me everything you can. Atomic structure,
molecular composition, energy signatures, everything."*

*"Analyzing,"* Jarvis responded, his disembodied voice filling the
basement. *"The steel sample is composed primarily of iron and carbon,
with trace amounts of manganese and silicon. Its molecular structure
exhibits a body-centered cubic crystalline lattice. The quartz crystal
is composed of silicon dioxide, exhibiting a hexagonal crystalline
lattice. The dragon scale fragment is composed of keratin, interwoven
with a complex matrix of solidified magical energy. Its structure is
significantly more complex, exhibiting a unique crystalline lattice
structure that I am still processing. The unicorn hair is composed of
keratin and other proteins, with trace amounts of magical residue. Its
structure is fibrous and less ordered than the other samples."*

Tony listened intently, his mind buzzing with possibilities. Jarvis was
analyzing the materials down to their crystalline structure, even
detecting traces of magical energy. This was more than he had hoped for.

*"Can you go deeper?"* Tony asked. *"Can you analyze the energy
signatures of the materials, or perhaps even the intermolecular
forces?"*

*"I am currently limited by the processing power available to me in my
current form,"* Jarvis responded. *"However, I believe that as your own
mental capabilities expand---through continued practice of magic and
natural growth---my processing power will also increase. At that point,
I anticipate being able to analyze materials at a sub-molecular level,
potentially even detecting subtle magical imprints or energy fields that
are currently beyond my detection range."*

"So, you'll get smarter as I get stronger?" Tony asked, a grin spreading
across his face.

*"In a manner of speaking, Sir. Our minds are linked. As your
understanding of magic and the world around you grows, my ability to
process and analyze information will also expand."*

Tony nodded, a spark of inspiration igniting within him. He had a
direction now. He had a starting point. He had a ghost in the machine,
and together, they were going to build something extraordinary.
