---
title: Chapter 58
chapter_number: 00058
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Secrets and Shadows**

#  

The kitchen, usually a warm and inviting space, now felt charged with a
heavy tension. The aroma of the now-cold roasted chicken did little to
dispel the atmosphere. Lily sat at the table, the drawings of the
warehouse spread out before her, her expression grave. Tony stood beside
her, his hand resting on the small wooden box that housed the central
receiver for his detection system. Eleanor sat quietly beside Tony, her
gaze fixed on the table.

"Mom, I wasn't just guessing," Tony said, his voice low. He gestured
towards the device. "This... this is what I've been working on."

He explained the system in detail: the network of transmitters, each
sending a regular "ping" -- a short burst of radio signal -- to the
central receiver every second. He described how the receiver monitored
these signals, looking not for specific data, but for interruptions in
the regular rhythm of the pings. He showed her the light panel, where
several LEDs were now blinking rapidly.

*"Transmitters three, five, and seven are experiencing consistent signal
loss accompanied by decreasing signal strength, indicating magical
interference within their respective zones," Jarvis reported
internally.*

"So, these lights... they mean someone's using magic nearby?" Lily
asked, her voice tight, tracing the blinking lights with her finger.

"Not exactly using magic directly," Tony corrected. "It's more like...
magic is interfering with the signals. Disrupting them. It's been
happening for days, but it's gotten worse recently. Especially around
the Miller\'s house." He explained how the consistent signal loss,
coupled with the weakening of the signals before they cut out, pointed
to magical interference rather than simple malfunctions or radio static.

Lily's eyes widened. "And you think... someone's watching you? Using
magic to watch you?"

Tony nodded. "I'm sure of it. The patterns... they're not random. It's
consistent and patterned around both our houses. It's not just random
malfunctions either, the signals weaken before they cut out, which
indicates interference."

Lily took a shaky breath. This wasn't just a theoretical threat anymore.
This was real, tangible. The weight of her past, the very thing she had
tried to shield her family from, was now bearing down on them. She had
to act.

"I need to make some calls," she said, rising from the table, a new
resolve in her voice. "There are people... old acquaintances... who
might be able to help."

She went to the living room and picked up the phone, dialing a number
from memory. Tony and Eleanor exchanged worried glances. The tension in
the room was palpable.

"Hello?" Lily said into the receiver, her voice low and cautious. "Is
this... Elara Blackwood?"

A pause. Then, a voice, crisp and formal, responded. "Speaking. Who is
this?"

"Elara, it's Lily Evans," Lily said, her voice softening slightly. "It's
been a long time."

Another pause, this one longer. Then, a surprised gasp. "Lily? Is that
really you? Merlin's beard! I haven't heard from you in... what, twenty
years?"

"Something like that," Lily replied, a faint smile touching her lips.
"I... I need your help. It's a delicate family matter. It involves...
magical interference, and I'm concerned about unauthorized magical
activity."

The conversation continued for several minutes, Lily carefully
explaining the situation without revealing too much over the phone. She
emphasized the urgency of the matter and arranged a meeting with Elara
for the following day at a discreet tea shop in a nearby town.

After hanging up, Lily took a deep breath and made another call, this
time to a different number. The voice that answered was gruffer, less
formal, with a distinct Irish lilt.

"Yeah?"

"Cormac O'Malley?" Lily asked, her voice firm.

"Who's asking?" the voice replied, laced with suspicion.

"It's Lily Evans," she said. "I need a favor. And I'm willing to pay."

This conversation was shorter, more direct. Lily explained that she
needed information, discreetly and quickly. She mentioned the
possibility of unauthorized magical surveillance and hinted at a
potential threat targeting her family. Cormac, ever the pragmatist,
agreed to look into it, promising to get back to her as soon as he had
something, but also mentioning that these types of investigations were
costly.

Tony and Eleanor had been listening from the kitchen doorway, their
curiosity piqued.

"Who were those people?" Tony asked as Lily returned to the kitchen, her
expression still serious but with a hint of relief.

"Old friends," Lily said, her expression serious. "People I knew from...
from my time in England. People I can trust."

*"Mrs. Evans's associates appear to be individuals with connections to
the wizarding world," Jarvis observed internally.*

"Are they... going to help?" Eleanor asked, her voice small.

Lily nodded. "I hope so," she said. "Elara is... well, she's very well
connected in the Ministry of Magic. She can access information that
would be impossible for me to get on my own. And Cormac... he has his
own ways of finding information. He knows people, in places that Elara
wouldn\'t dare go."

The following day, Lily drove to a small, out-of-the-way tea shop in a
nearby town. The shop was quaint and unassuming, with lace curtains and
the faint aroma of Earl Grey tea. Elara was already waiting at a corner
table, a tall, elegant woman with silver hair pulled back in a tight bun
and piercing blue eyes that seemed to see right through you. She greeted
Lily with a warm hug, but her expression quickly turned serious as Lily
explained the situation in more detail, showing her Tony\'s diagram.

"Magical interference, premonitions... and you suspect surveillance?"
Elara said, her brow furrowed. "This sounds... troubling. And this
device..." she traced the lines of Tony's diagram with a slender finger.
"This is... ingenious," she murmured. "A Muggle approach to detecting
magic. I've never seen anything like it. It's quite clever."

She promised to look into the matter, using her contacts within the
Ministry of Magic to see if there were any records of unauthorized
magical activity or surveillance in the area. She also mentioned that
she would discreetly inquire about any whispers regarding groups or
individuals with an interest in magical children.

Meanwhile, Cormac had begun his own investigation. He frequented the
less reputable parts of the wizarding world, dimly lit pubs and back
alley gatherings, gathering information from whispers and rumors. He
learned of a shadowy organization, known only as "The Directorate," that
was rumored to be conducting research into rare magical abilities,
particularly those manifesting in young children. The name sent a chill
down his spine. He had heard whispers of their methods, their
ruthlessness, their willingness to operate outside the law.

Back at the Evans\' house, Eleanor was staring intently at another
drawing. This time, it wasn't of the warehouse. It was of a simple,
old-fashioned clock, its hands pointing to a specific time: 3:17. And
beneath the clock, scrawled in a shaky hand, a single word: "Tuesday."

She showed the drawing to Tony when he got home from school. He looked
at it, his stomach sinking.

*"The drawing appears to indicate a specific time and day," Jarvis
observed. "Tuesday at 3:17 PM. This suggests a precise timeframe for the
anticipated event."*

"Next week," Eleanor whispered, her voice filled with dread. "It's going
to happen... next week."
