---
title: Chapter 68
chapter_number: 00068
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Empty House**

A dull, throbbing ache pulsed behind Ms. Ramirez's eyes, a persistent
reminder of the magical assault. Her head felt heavy, her thoughts
sluggish and disjointed, as if her mind were struggling to catch up with
reality. She blinked, trying to clear her vision, but the world swam in
and out of focus, the remnants of the stunning spell lingering like a
thick fog. The last thing she clearly remembered was... a blinding flash
of light, a wave of concussive force, and then... a disorienting
blankness.

She pushed herself up slowly, wincing as a fresh wave of dizziness
washed over her. The living room was a scene of utter chaos. The front
door hung open, splintered wood framing the pre-dawn darkness. Furniture
was overturned, a once-ornate lamp lay shattered on the floor, its shade
askew. Cushions were scattered across the floor like fallen leaves, and
shards of glass crunched under her hand as she instinctively braced
herself against the overturned coffee table. A cold dread settled in her
stomach, a heavy weight that pressed down on her chest, stealing her
breath. Something terrible had happened.

"Hello?" she croaked, her voice hoarse and barely audible. "Is
anyone...?"

She looked around the room, her heart pounding a frantic rhythm against
her ribs. Mr. and Mrs. Miller lay sprawled on the floor near the
overturned couch, their faces pale and still. Mr. Miller's arm was
twisted at an awkward angle, and Mrs. Miller's breathing was shallow and
uneven. Evan was slumped against the wall near the window, his head
lolled to one side, his usually vibrant face ashen. Lily was closer to
the doorway, also unconscious, her body partially concealed by a fallen
armchair.

Ms. Ramirez scrambled to her feet, her legs shaky and unsteady. She
stumbled towards Mrs. Miller first, her heart leaping into her throat.
She knelt beside her, her fingers fumbling for a pulse. It was faint but
steady, a fragile thread of life in the midst of the chaos. Relief
washed over her, so intense it almost made her weak, but it was quickly
followed by a fresh wave of panic. Where were Tony and Eleanor?

She moved quickly, checking on everyone in turn. They were all
unconscious, but alive. A wave of nausea hit her as she noticed the
small, almost invisible shimmering residue on their skin where Lily had
cast the protective spells. The magic had clearly been powerful enough
to provide some resistance, a brief buffer against the full force of the
stunning spell, but not enough to fully protect them from the wide-range
magical assault.

"Oh, God... what happened?" she whispered, her voice trembling, tears
welling in her eyes.

She began searching the house, calling out for Tony and Eleanor, her
voice growing increasingly frantic. "Tony! Eleanor! Can you hear me?
Where are you?" Her voice echoed through the empty rooms, unanswered,
each echo amplifying the growing sense of dread.

The house was eerily silent, the usual morning sounds of the
neighborhood absent. A cold draft blew in through the broken door,
carrying the scent of damp earth and the distant hum of early morning
traffic. The only other sound was the frantic beating of her own heart,
a drumbeat of fear in the suffocating silence.

She returned to the living room, her breath catching in her throat, her
eyes scanning the room, searching for any clue. The sight of the empty
space where Tony and Eleanor had been sitting, the overturned furniture,
the lingering scent of ozone and burnt magic, confirmed her worst fears.
Tony and Eleanor were gone. Taken.

Lily stirred, groaning softly, her eyelids fluttering. Ms. Ramirez
rushed to her side, gently shaking her shoulder. "Lily, wake up! It's
okay, you're safe," she repeated, her voice strained but reassuring.

Lily's eyes fluttered open, her gaze unfocused. She blinked a few times,
trying to clear her vision, her brow furrowed in confusion. "Ms.
Ramirez... what...?" she mumbled, her voice thick with sleep.

"They're gone, Lily," Ms. Ramirez said, her voice choked with emotion,
the words catching in her throat. "Tony and Eleanor... they took them."

Lily's eyes widened, the last vestiges of sleep vanishing. She sat up
abruptly, her hand flying to her pocket, her fingers searching
frantically. "The devices!" she exclaimed, her voice filled with
urgency. "Tony's devices!"

She frantically patted her pockets, her fingers brushing against the
small, metallic receivers. Relief washed over her as she pulled them
out, clutching them tightly in her hand. They were still there,
thankfully untouched.

Elara groaned and slowly sat up, holding her head in her hands.
\"What\... what happened?\" she asked, her voice raspy and filled with
confusion.

\"They took Tony and Eleanor,\" Ms. Ramirez said, her voice shaking.
\"Lily has Tony\'s devices.\"

Elara\'s eyes widened and she rushed to Lily\'s side. \"Let me see
them.\" She took the receivers from Lily\'s trembling hands and quickly
examined them.

Lily suddenly looked up from the receivers, her eyes wide. \"Wait,\" she
said, her voice clear and strong. \"I\'ve got a signal. It\'s\... it\'s
really clear.\" She held up the device, and a steady, rhythmic pulse
emanated from it, no longer faint but a distinct and consistent tone.
"It's like they're right next door."

Elara stopped dialing, her brow furrowed in confusion. \"That\'s\...
impossible. If they were that close...\"

\"I know,\" Lily said, her voice filled with a mix of confusion and a
growing sense of hope. \"But the signal is strong. Really strong. Tony
said the signal wouldn\'t weaken over distance unless there was magical
interference. And...\" she paused, a realization dawning on her face,
\"they didn\'t even *look* for these.\"

Elara\'s eyes widened. \"You\'re right. They were in and out so fast...
they were focused solely on taking Tony and Eleanor. Tony's combination
of magic and technology... it's unlike anything they've likely
encountered. They wouldn't even recognize it as magic, let alone think
to search for something like this.\"

A wave of relief washed over Elara, mixed with a renewed sense of
urgency. The signal being so strong meant Tony's plan had worked. The
Scourers were completely unaware that they were being tracked. This gave
them an advantage, a crucial window of opportunity.

Elara looked around at the others, their faces pale and drawn. The
weight of the situation settled heavily on her shoulders. She knew what
she had to do.

"I have to contact MACUSA," she said, her voice firm, despite the tremor
in her hands. "This is beyond anything we can handle on our own."

She moved to the telephone, her mind racing. She needed to be careful.
MACUSA couldn\'t know about the Millers and Evan. If they discovered
that No-Majs had been exposed to magic, even unintentionally, the
consequences would be dire. Obliviation was the standard procedure, a
harsh but necessary measure to maintain the secrecy of the magical
world. She picked up the receiver and began to dial, her heart pounding
in her chest. She dialed a familiar number, one she hadn\'t used in
years. After a few rings, a voice answered.

"Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Auror Training Division, this is
Agent Dubois."

"Agent Dubois, this is Elara Blackwood," Elara said, her voice steady
and determined. "I need to speak to Auror Hawthorne immediately. This is
an urgent matter. We have a kidnapping." She paused, listening to the
crackling static on the other end of the line, her breath held tight in
her chest.
