---
title: Chapter 13
chapter_number: 00013
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Dress Rehearsal and Pre-Performance Butterflies**

The kindergarten classroom was barely recognizable. The usual play areas
were gone, replaced by a makeshift stage area dominated by the sturdy
cardboard stable. Twinkling glitter stars adorned the dark blue
construction paper night sky, casting a soft shimmer across the room.
The small Christmas tree, now adorned with even more homemade ornaments,
stood sentinel near the stage. The air crackled with a palpable mix of
excitement and nervous energy. Today was the dress rehearsal -- the
final run-through before the big performance.

Ms. Johnson, her usual cheerful demeanor amplified by pre-performance
jitters, bustled around, making last-minute adjustments to the set.
"Alright, everyone!" she announced, her voice slightly higher pitched
than usual. "Today's the day! Full dress rehearsal! Costumes on, let's
go!"

A flurry of activity erupted. Sarah, practically vibrating with
excitement, bounced on the balls of her feet, her shimmering angel wings
catching the light. She tripped over her own feet in her haste to get to
the costume area, letting out a small "Oof!" before giggling and
continuing on her way. Billy, looking slightly pale, carefully unfolded
his simple shepherd's tunic, his fingers fumbling with the fabric. He
accidentally put it on backward, the neckline drooping down his back.

Tony, holding his script, watched the organized chaos with a mixture of
amusement and a faint flutter of unease in his stomach. He had performed
in front of vast crowds in his previous life, but this felt different.
This wasn't a polished production; this was pure, unadulterated
kindergarten enthusiasm, with all the inherent unpredictability that
came with it.

*It's... adorable,* he thought, watching Sarah trip again, this time
managing to stay upright. *And slightly terrifying.*

"Sir," Jarvis's voice echoed softly. "I detect a mild elevation in your
heart rate. Pre-performance anxiety, perhaps?"

*Maybe a little, J,* Tony thought back, a small, almost imperceptible
shrug of his shoulders. *It's been a while since I've had to worry about
glitter getting stuck to my hair.*

He went to his designated area and quickly changed into his narrator's
costume: a simple, dark blue robe that was slightly too big, causing the
sleeves to dangle past his wrists. He rolled them up carefully, then ran
through his lines one last time, focusing not just on the words but on
the underlying emotions of the story.

When everyone was finally dressed -- Sarah's halo was slightly askew,
Billy's shepherd's hat kept slipping over his eyes, and the wise men's
crowns looked like they might disintegrate at any moment -- Ms. Johnson
clapped her hands, signaling the start of the dress rehearsal.

The children took their places on the makeshift stage, a mixture of
excitement and wide-eyed nervousness etched on their faces. Sarah kept
glancing at her wings, occasionally giving them a little practice flap,
nearly hitting the Christmas tree.

As Tony began his narration, a sense of calm washed over him. He focused
on projecting his voice, modulating his tone to create the appropriate
atmosphere for each part of the story. He watched the children act out
their parts, offering subtle cues and gentle encouragement when needed.

During the shepherd scene, Billy shuffled nervously onto the stage,
clutching his crooked shepherd's crook like a lifeline. He took a deep
breath, his eyes darting towards the glittery stars on the backdrop.
Then, remembering Tony's advice, he closed his eyes for a brief moment,
picturing the star shining brightly in the night sky. When he opened
them, his gaze was focused and determined. "We saw the star!" he
announced, his voice clear and strong. Then, caught up in the moment, he
added a dramatic flourish, pointing towards the sky with his crook,
nearly poking one of the other shepherds in the eye.

Sarah, as the angel, floated onto the stage, her shimmering wings
catching the light. She began her announcement with her usual booming
voice, "FEAR---". But then, a flicker of remembrance crossed her face.
She took a deep breath, closed her eyes briefly, and when she opened
them her voice was softer, more ethereal. "Fear not," she said, her
voice now gentle and soothing. "For behold, I bring you tidings of great
joy." She took a small step forward, trying to maintain her angelic
composure, but her foot caught on the edge of the makeshift stage. She
stumbled, her wings fluttering wildly, and landed in a soft heap on the
carpet, her halo tilting precariously. "Oh dear," she said, looking up
with wide, slightly embarrassed eyes.

Tony, without missing a beat, his voice smooth and reassuring, continued
his narration, "And the angel, descending from the heavens, made a
graceful landing before the awestruck shepherds, her arrival heralded by
a gentle breeze." He offered Sarah a hand up, helping her back onto the
stage. The children giggled, and Ms. Johnson gave Tony a grateful smile,
stifling a chuckle.

The wise men's entrance, which had been a chaotic collision of crowns
and robes in previous rehearsals, went off without a hitch. The boys,
remembering Tony's "car path" demonstration, navigated their routes with
surprising precision. However, as they presented their gifts to the
"baby Jesus," little Timmy, the smallest of the three wise men, got so
caught up in the festive atmosphere that he started humming "Jingle
Bells" under his breath, completely out of sync with the play. The other
two wise men exchanged confused glances.

Tony, again smoothly ad-libbed, his voice maintaining the narrative
flow, "And the wise men, filled with the spirit of the season, journeyed
towards Bethlehem, their hearts filled with joyous melodies, some of
which they could not contain."

As the rehearsal progressed, Tony noticed a growing sense of unease
among the children. Billy kept fidgeting with his crook, Sarah kept
adjusting her halo, and another child, Lily, started sucking her thumb,
completely forgetting her cue to "baa."

Tony remembered feeling that same pre-performance anxiety, the
butterflies fluttering in his stomach, the dry mouth, the racing heart.
He also remembered the exhilaration that followed, the sense of
accomplishment, the shared joy with his fellow performers.

After the rehearsal, he gathered the children around him. "Hey,
everyone," he said, his voice calm and reassuring, using simple language
a kindergartner would use. "I know you're all feeling a little nervous
about the play tomorrow. That's okay! It's normal to feel wiggly inside
before you do something special."

He paused, thinking back to Morgan. *She would always get butterflies
before her school plays,* he remembered. *I'd tell her to take a deep
breath, remember her lines, and most importantly, to have fun. It always
seemed to help.*

He continued, "The most important thing is to have fun! This is a story
about joy and hope, and we want to share that with everyone. So take a
deep breath, remember your lines, and most importantly, have fun! And if
you forget a line or something goes wrong, don\'t worry! Just keep
going. It'll be okay!"

The children looked at him, their faces reflecting a mixture of relief
and gratitude. Sarah reached out and took his hand, squeezing it gently.
"Thanks, Tony," she said softly. "That makes me feel a lot better."

Billy nodded in agreement. "Me too," he mumbled.

Ms. Johnson smiled at Tony, her eyes filled with appreciation. "Tony,
you're so good with the other children," she said, her tone warm and
encouraging. "You've been a huge help."

Tony simply smiled back. He looked at the children, their faces now
showing a renewed sense of confidence. He knew that tomorrow's
performance wouldn't be perfect. There would likely be more mishaps,
some forgotten lines, some unexpected moments. But he also knew that it
would be something special, a shared experience that they would all
remember. And he was glad to be a part of it. The anticipation for the
next day, the day of the play, hung heavy in the air, a mixture of
excitement and trepidation.
