---
title: Chapter 2
chapter_number: 00002
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Rebirth in the Darkness**

The dark void surrounding Tony Stark felt suffocating. There were no
stars, no sky, only a vast emptiness that stretched endlessly in all
directions. His mind was a blur, his thoughts disjointed, a patchwork of
memories from another life. The blinding pain of his final moments with
the Infinity Gauntlet still echoed in his senses, but it felt...
distant. The snap, the destruction, the sacrifice --- they all seemed as
if they had occurred in another world.

As his mind began to clear, a voice cut through the haze. It was a voice
he knew better than his own.

\"Sir? Are you... functional?\"

It was Jarvis. But there was something different about him --- the usual
calm and controlled tone was now infused with an undercurrent of
uncertainty. Or was it concern?

\"Jarvis?\" Tony tried to respond, but the words were strange, garbled,
as though they weren't coming from his own mouth. \"Where the hell am
I?\"

The voice responded almost instantly, its synthetic smoothness easing
the disorientation that was quickly turning into panic.

\"You are... not where you should be, Sir. I believe you may have...
been reborn.\"

Reborn? Tony's mind grasped at the word like a lifeline. His heart ---
or whatever was left of it --- skipped a beat. The idea of death had
been so final, so absolute. But reborn? It didn't make sense.

\"Reborn?\" Tony echoed. \"What the hell do you mean, reborn?\"

He tried to focus, but his senses felt numb. His body? He could feel it,
but it was all wrong --- not as it should be. Then, a sudden sensation:
a warm, slick surface pressing against his skin.

\"Wait...\" Tony murmured, his thoughts racing. \"Am I... in water?\"

\"Yes, Sir,\" Jarvis replied. \"It appears you are surrounded by
amniotic fluid, a fetal environment. I believe the rebirth process
you're undergoing is biological in nature. I cannot offer much more
clarity without visual confirmation.\"

Amniotic fluid? Tony's mind fought against the absurdity of the idea. He
was dead. He *had* to be dead. This... this was a dream. But as much as
he tried to convince himself, the sensation of the fluid clinging to his
skin, the faint pulse of life thrumming in his chest, told him
otherwise.

\"Great,\" Tony muttered sarcastically. \"So, I died, and now I'm in a
science fiction version of *The Matrix*. Who the hell designed this,
Jarvis? Was this your idea?\"

There was a pause, an awkward silence where even Jarvis seemed to
hesitate before responding.

\"I can confirm, Sir, that this was not my design. Nor do I believe it
was anyone's.\"

Tony closed his eyes --- or he thought he did --- as he tried to make
sense of the situation. Something wasn't adding up. Why was Jarvis still
with him? They were never supposed to be together again. Hadn't the
stones erased his existence?

Then, Jarvis\' voice crackled back into his mind, like a gentle whisper
in the chaos.

\"Sir... it seems that my presence is... tied to you in a manner I do
not fully understand. There is a connection... a link to your soul, to
your essence. My processing power seems... limited, dependent on your
own mental strength.\"

\"What?\" Tony felt his mind snap to attention. \"You mean, you're
inside my head? Like, physically?\"

\"Not physically, Sir. But yes, I am now part of your... consciousness,
it seems.\"

Tony sat there for a moment, letting the weight of this information
settle in. His mind raced through all the possibilities. The Infinity
Stones had done something to him. Something... inexplicable.

\"Okay, Jarvis,\" he said, his voice steadying despite the weirdness of
it all. \"I'm going to need more than that. If I'm stuck with you in my
head now, you better be prepared for a long conversation.\"

\"Understood, Sir. I will assist you in any way I can.\"

There was a strange sense of calm that followed the voice's
reassurances. It was as though the very act of hearing Jarvis again was
grounding him, giving him something familiar in the midst of the
surreal. But something else gnawed at Tony's gut.

\"So, if I'm... reborn, what does that mean? What am I supposed to do
now?\"

\"Unfortunately, Sir, I am unable to answer that,\" Jarvis replied.
\"But I suspect that in your new life, you may have a chance to do
things differently. To correct the wrongs, perhaps.\"

Tony's mind flicked to his past. The mistakes he'd made, the regrets,
the fear of never being able to make up for them. Now, it seemed, he had
a second chance. A new life to do better.

Before Tony could respond, he felt something shift --- a sudden pull,
like gravity but more instinctual. The fluid around him seemed to
contract, and then, with a gentle yet firm pressure, Tony was pulled
from it.

The world he emerged into was strange, blurry, and dim. His eyes were
not yet accustomed to the light, but he could feel warmth, the faint
scent of something familiar, yet foreign. It was the smell of
antiseptic, but there was something else, like dust and old paper, like
it had been there too long.

He was no longer surrounded by the warm, slick environment of the womb.
This... this felt more alive. His senses began to sharpen, though
everything was still a blur.

The pressure around him lessened, and a sudden jolt startled him as he
was moved. The faint hum of voices, too far away to understand, filled
his ears. The air felt thick, slightly stale.

A harsh slap against his back. He jerked, startled, and the sound of air
rushing into his lungs tore through the room. He gasped, struggling to
breathe properly as the fluid around him drained away. A chill ran down
his spine as a cold, metal instrument---not sleek and chrome, but dull
and worn---made contact with his skin, and he let out a strangled cry.

\"Another one,\" a distant voice said, muffled by the space between
them. \"Looks like we have a healthy boy. July 20th, 1980. Time of
birth, 3:15 AM.\"

Tony's head spun as his mind tried to process what had just happened. He
was no longer floating in the void. He was here. In a hospital. Or at
least, it resembled one. The scent of disinfectant was strong, but there
was an underlying musty smell, as if the building itself were old. The
sounds around him---beeping, murmurs, footsteps---all seemed muffled,
like he was hearing them from underwater. The equipment around him was
bulky and analog, not the sleek, digital technology he was used to. The
nurses wore simple, practical uniforms, not the modern scrubs he
expected.

He felt something strange, the tug of instinct --- his tiny fingers
grasped for warmth, wrapping around a piece of rough cotton, but it was
unfamiliar. He was... so small.

"Sir," Jarvis said, his voice crackling as if coming through a distant
radio. "It seems that you are now... born into a new world. The
surroundings indicate a place similar to what I can identify as a
hospital. However, the technology is... significantly less advanced than
what you are accustomed to. I detect no wireless networks, no advanced
computing systems. The year appears to be 1980."

Hospital. July 20th, 1980. It all clicked in Tony's head. He had been
born. Again. In the past.
