---
title: Chapter 57
chapter_number: 00057
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Gamble**

The air in Eleanor's room was heavy with the lingering remnants of fear.
She sat on her bed, clutching a drawing she had just finished. It was a
sketch of the same warehouse-like building from her previous
premonition, but this time, she had added details: a rusted metal door,
a broken window with jagged edges of glass, and a faint, almost
imperceptible figure standing in the shadows.

Tony sat beside her, his arm around her shoulders. He could feel her
trembling. These premonitions were becoming more frequent, more vivid,
more terrifying. He knew he couldn't keep this a secret any longer.

"It was clearer this time," Eleanor whispered, her voice barely audible.
"I saw... someone. In the shadows. I couldn't see their face, but...
they were waiting."

She showed him the drawing. Tony studied it carefully, a chill running
down his spine. The details were unsettlingly precise. He pulled out the
previous drawing she made and placed it next to the current one. The
building was drawn from a different angle in both the drawings, and the
details were consistent in both drawings.

*"The additional details in Eleanor's drawing provide valuable
information," Jarvis observed. "The consistency between the two drawings
strengthens their credibility as premonitions."*

"I think... I think this is where they're going to take us," Eleanor
said, her voice trembling.

Tony looked at her, his heart aching. He had to do something. He
couldn\'t protect her on his own. He remembered the way his mother had
reacted when he'd once asked her about magic, the sudden tension in her
voice, the flicker of fear in her eyes. *\"Her physiological responses
indicate a significant increase in stress levels,\"* Jarvis had observed
at the time. *\"Pupil dilation, increased heart rate\...\"* It wasn\'t
just a hunch. Lily knew something. She was afraid of something.
*Maybe... maybe she can help,* he thought.

He took a deep breath. "I have to tell her," he murmured.

"Tell who?" Eleanor asked, looking up at him with wide, worried eyes.

"My mom," Tony replied. "I think... I think she knows more than she lets
on."

He led Eleanor back to his house, a sense of nervous anticipation
building in his chest. Lily was in the kitchen, preparing dinner. The
aroma of roasted chicken filled the air, a stark contrast to the tension
that hung heavy in Tony's heart.

"Mom," Tony began, his voice slightly shaky. "Can we... can we talk?"

Lily looked up, a warm smile on her face. But when she saw the serious
expressions on Tony's and Eleanor's faces, her smile faded. "Of course,
honey. What is it?"

Tony took a deep breath, steeling his nerves. He looked at Eleanor, who
nodded encouragingly. "Mom," he said, his voice low and steady. "There's
something we need to tell you. Something... about us."

He paused, then took Eleanor\'s hand. He looked at Lily. "Mom, I can do
magic."

Lily's eyes widened slightly, a flicker of surprise crossing her face,
but not disbelief. A small smile touched her lips. "I... I suspected as
much," she said softly. "It's... in your blood, Tony."

He raised his free hand, focusing his intent. A small flame flickered to
life in his palm, dancing gently. He then extinguished it with a flick
of his wrist.

Lily watched, her expression a mixture of awe and a deep, underlying
sadness. "Yes," she whispered. "I see it now."

Tony looked at Eleanor, who nodded. A faint shimmer of light appeared
around her hand.

Lily's breath hitched. This was unexpected. While Tony's magical ability
was within the realm of possibility, given her own history, Eleanor's
was something else entirely. It was a rare talent. "Eleanor...?" she
whispered, her eyes widening in surprise.

"It just... happens," Eleanor said softly, withdrawing her hand, the
shimmer fading.

Lily stared at them, her mind reeling. She had tried to bury this part
of her life, to protect her family from it. But now, here it was,
staring her in the face. Her own son, and the girl he cared for so
deeply, were exhibiting magic.

"Tony... Eleanor..." she began, her voice shaking slightly. "You... you
shouldn't be doing that. Not without training. It's... incredibly
dangerous."

"Why?" Tony asked. "What's so dangerous about it?"

Lily hesitated, then sighed. "There's... there's a world you don't know
about," she began, her voice low and grave. "A world of magic. It exists
alongside the world you see every day, hidden from the eyes of ordinary
people. It's called the Wizarding World."

She explained the basics: the Statute of Secrecy, a magical law designed
to keep the wizarding world hidden from Muggles (non-magical people),
the existence of different magical schools around the world, including
Ilvermorny in North America.

"And... I was a part of that world," she confessed, her voice filled
with regret. "I... I was a witch."

Tony and Eleanor stared at her, their eyes wide with surprise.

"But... why did you leave?" Tony asked. "Why didn't you tell us?"

Lily's eyes filled with tears. "It's a long story," she said, her voice
trembling. "It's a world of wonder, yes, but it's also a world of
danger. I... I was in England, during... during the time of
You-Know-Who." She paused, her voice catching on the dreaded name.
"Voldemort," she whispered, the name tasting like ash in her mouth.
"I... I was a student at Hogwarts."

She took a shaky breath, her gaze distant, lost in the memories. "It was
a time of fear, of darkness. He... he and his followers, the Death
Eaters... they terrorized the country. I... I lost people. People I
loved, taken by the violence, by the darkness." Her voice cracked, and a
single tear rolled down her cheek. "I... I couldn't stay. It was too
much. I needed to escape. I came to America, hoping for a fresh start, a
normal life."

She looked at Tony, her eyes filled with a deep sadness. "I met your
father. He knew nothing of my past, and I... I kept it that way. I
wanted to protect him, to protect us, from that world. I wanted you to
have a normal childhood, a childhood free from fear and magic. I thought
I was doing the right thing."

She looked at Tony and Eleanor, her eyes filled with concern. "And
you... you've been doing magic without any training? Without wands?
That's incredibly dangerous! You could have seriously hurt yourselves."

"We didn't know," Eleanor whispered, her voice filled with guilt.

Lily sighed, running a hand through her hair. "I know," she said softly.
"I should have told you. I should have prepared you. But I was so
afraid..."

"Mom... there's something else," Tony said, his voice low and serious.
He took the drawings from his pocket and laid them on the table.
"Eleanor's been having these dreams... premonitions. They're about...
being taken."

He paused, choosing his words carefully, trying to convey the fear and
confusion Eleanor felt. "She sees... dark figures. They never show their
faces, but she knows they're coming for us. She's seen this place... in
her dreams." He pointed to the drawings. "A warehouse, maybe. With this
arched window and this door. She feels\... she feels like they\'re going
to take us there.\"

Lily picked up the drawings, her breath catching in her throat. The
sketches depicted a stark, industrial building with a distinctive arched
window and a heavy, rusted metal door. It was a common architectural
style, found in warehouses and factories across the country. The
ordinariness of the building, in a way, was even more disturbing. It
could be anywhere.

"And... I think someone's watching us," Tony continued, his voice barely
a whisper. "I've been building these... devices. They detect...
disruptions. Like something's interfering with them. I think... I think
someone's using magic to watch us."

Lily's expression turned grave. The pieces were falling into place. The
magic, the premonitions, the surveillance. It was all connected.
