---
title: Chapter 38
chapter_number: 00038
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Initial Reactions and Questions**

The Evans family had said their goodbyes, Lily and Evan promising to
call soon to arrange another get-together. As they were about to leave,
Tony turned to his mother. "Mom, can I stay a little longer? I was
talking with Eleanor about something, and we haven't quite finished."

Lily looked at Sarah Miller, who smiled warmly. "Of course he can,"
Sarah said to Lily. "He's welcome to stay. I'll give you a call when
he's ready to come home."

With that settled, Lily and Evan departed, leaving Tony and Eleanor
alone on the back porch. The setting sun painted the sky in hues of
orange and purple. The quiet of the evening had settled over the
neighborhood, broken only by the occasional chirp of crickets. Tony and
Eleanor remained on the back porch, the weight of their shared secret
hanging in the air between them.

Eleanor sat quietly for a long moment, staring at the spot where the
leaf had floated just moments before. She looked at her own hands,
turning them over as if expecting to see some visible sign of the magic
that resided within her.

"I... I don't understand," she finally whispered, her voice barely
audible. "How... how is this possible?"

Tony sat beside her, leaning back against the porch railing. He knew
this wasn't going to be easy. Explaining magic, something he barely
understood himself, to someone who had never even considered its
existence was a daunting task.

"I don't know all the details," he admitted honestly. "It's...
complicated. But it's real. I've seen it, I've done it." He paused, then
added, "It's like... there's this energy, this force, that's all around
us. Most people can't interact with it, can't even see it. But some
people... they can. They can feel it, they can shape it, they can use
it."

Eleanor looked at him, her dark eyes filled with a mixture of confusion
and fascination. "Like... like in the movies?" she asked, a small
flicker of excitement in her voice.

Tony gave her a small smile. "In some ways, yes," he said. "But it's not
always like the special effects you see on screen. It's... subtler.
More... personal."

Eleanor was silent for a moment, absorbing this information. Then, a
flurry of questions burst forth from her, tumbling over each other in
her eagerness. "How did you learn? Can you teach me? What else can we
do? Is it... dangerous?"

Tony chuckled softly. He had expected the questions, the need to
understand. He had felt the same way when he first realized he could use
magic.

"I... I've always known," he said, choosing his words carefully. He
couldn't tell her about his past life, not yet. It was too much, too
complicated. "It's something I've always been able to do, even if I
didn't fully understand it at first." He paused, considering how to
explain it without revealing too much. "It's like... having a talent for
something. Like some people are naturally good at music, or art, or
math. It's just... a different kind of talent."

He continued, answering her questions as best he could. "I can show you
some things," he said. "Simple things. But it's important to be careful.
Magic is powerful, and it needs to be controlled. And it's important
that we keep this a secret. No one else can know."

Eleanor nodded quickly, her eyes wide with understanding. "Why?" she
whispered.

"Because... people don't understand it," Tony explained. "They might be
scared. Or they might try to... take it away from us. It's safer if we
keep it to ourselves, at least for now."

Eleanor seemed to accept this, her expression becoming more serious.
"What else can we do?" she asked again, her voice filled with curiosity.

Tony thought for a moment. He wanted to give her a glimpse of the
possibilities, without overwhelming her with too much information.
"Small things, for now," he said. "Moving objects, like you did with the
fern. Maybe controlling the elements a little -- a gentle breeze, a
small flicker of flame. But it takes practice, and control."

He picked up another fallen leaf from the porch and held it out to
Eleanor. "Try focusing on it," he instructed. "Imagine it floating,
imagine it rising into the air."

Eleanor took a deep breath and closed her eyes, concentrating on the
leaf in Tony's hand. She frowned in concentration, her brow furrowed.
After a few moments, she opened her eyes, shaking her head slightly.
"Nothing," she whispered, disappointment evident in her voice.

"It takes time," Tony reassured her. "It's like learning any new skill.
You have to practice. You have to learn to control the energy." He
gently closed his hand around the leaf, then slowly opened it again.
This time, the leaf rose into the air, hovering above his palm.

Eleanor gasped softly, her eyes fixed on the floating leaf. She watched
as Tony gently guided the leaf in small circles, making it dance in the
air above his hand. Her initial disappointment was replaced by a look of
pure wonder.

"It's... amazing," she whispered, her voice filled with awe.

Tony smiled, gently lowering the leaf back into his palm. "It is," he
agreed softly. "But it's also important to be responsible. Magic is
powerful, and we need to learn how to use it wisely."

Eleanor nodded slowly, her gaze fixed on Tony. She was still processing
everything, still trying to reconcile the ordinary world she knew with
the extraordinary reality that had just been revealed to her. But
beneath the confusion and uncertainty, a spark of excitement had ignited
within her. A spark of possibility.

"Can we... practice?" she asked quietly, her eyes meeting Tony's.

Tony smiled. "Of course," he said softly. "We'll learn together." He
paused, his expression becoming more serious. "But we have to be
careful. This... this is our secret, Eleanor. No one else can know. Not
yet."

Eleanor nodded, her dark eyes filled with understanding. "I won't tell
anyone," she promised. "I... I promise."

"It's not just about telling," Tony explained. "It's about...
controlling it. If we're not careful, things could happen. Like what
happened with the fern. We need to learn how to control our magic before
anyone notices."

"How... how do we do that?" Eleanor asked, her voice small.

"We practice," Tony said. "We experiment. We learn from each other. We
can help each other." He looked at her, his expression earnest. "We can
make a pact. We'll learn about this together, and we'll keep each other
safe."

A small smile spread across Eleanor's face. "A pact?" she repeated, the
word sounding strange and exciting on her tongue.

"Yeah," Tony said, nodding. "A promise. A secret agreement. We'll help
each other, no matter what. We'll learn to control our magic, and we'll
keep it safe."

Eleanor looked at him, her eyes shining with a newfound determination.
"Okay," she said firmly. "I promise. We'll do it together."

Tony smiled, a sense of shared purpose filling him. He knew this was
just the beginning. They had a long way to go, a lot to learn. But they
would face it together, bound by their shared secret and their newfound
understanding.
