---
title: Chapter 3
chapter_number: 00003
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

1.  **Chapter 3: New Faces, Familiar Bonds**

Tony Stark had always prided himself on his ability to adapt, to
compartmentalize, to conquer any challenge with his intellect and
ingenuity. But this... this was different. This was primal. He was a
newborn, utterly dependent, adrift in a world decades removed from the
one he knew. The sterile, slightly musty scent of the hospital room, the
bulky, analog equipment, the year---1980, Jarvis had confirmed---it was
all jarringly real.

"Sir," Jarvis's calm voice echoed within his mind, a familiar anchor in
the sea of new sensations. "Are you feeling more... coherent?"

Tony blinked slowly, his tiny lungs still struggling with the unfamiliar
act of breathing. "Define coherent, Jarvis," he managed to think, the
effort feeling monumental.

"Ah, excellent," Jarvis responded, a subtle amusement threading through
his tone. "Your sarcasm remains intact. I was beginning to worry."

Before Tony could formulate a proper retort, soft voices reached him,
laced with an emotion he hadn't expected to encounter again: love. He
turned his head with a jerky, uncoordinated movement.

A woman lay beside him on the bed, her face a soft blur through his
still-developing vision. Her chestnut brown hair framed her face, and
her eyes, though slightly red-rimmed, shone with an almost incandescent
warmth. She smiled, a gentle, radiant expression of pure tenderness as
she gazed down at him.

Beside her stood a man, broad-shouldered and sturdy, his calloused hands
clasped tightly in front of him. His face, weathered from years of hard
work, held the same gentle expression as the woman.

"There he is," the man murmured, his voice thick with emotion, a tremor
of awe running through it. "Our boy."

*Our boy.* The simple words struck a chord deep within Tony, resonating
in a way he hadn't anticipated. It was a primal connection, a bond
forged in the moment of his rebirth.

"Sir," Jarvis whispered, his voice softer now, as if respecting the
intimacy of the moment. "I detect a strong... resonance emanating from
them."

Tony frowned internally. "Resonance? Care to elaborate?"

"It's... complex," Jarvis replied, his processing power clearly strained
by this new form of analysis. "I perceive them on a deeper level,
their... essence. This woman---your mother, I presume---radiates warmth,
protection, and a fierce, unwavering love. The man, too. His essence is
grounded, steadfast, and deeply devoted. There is a deep connection
between them as well."

Tony's tiny hand twitched, an involuntary movement. The woman's gaze
immediately shifted to his hand, her eyes widening with a mixture of joy
and wonder. She gently placed her index finger within his grasp. His
tiny fingers curled around it with surprising strength.

"Look at him, Evan," she whispered, her voice catching. "He's... he's
holding my finger."

Evan leaned closer, a wide grin spreading across his face. He gently
placed a large hand beside Tony's small form, careful not to touch him.
"He's got a good grip. Strong little fella." He looked at Lily, his eyes
filled with love. "Just like his mother."

Lily's smile softened, a hint of melancholy flickering in her eyes. She
reached out and gently touched Evan\'s hand, their fingers intertwining.
"He's perfect," she whispered, her voice a mixture of relief and
overwhelming love.

Tony watched them, his mind churning. He was accustomed to the cold
logic of science, the precise calculations of engineering. But this...
this was different. This was raw emotion, unfiltered and powerful. He
felt a strange tug in his chest, an unfamiliar warmth spreading through
his small body.

"Jarvis," Tony murmured internally, "you're telling me these two...
genuinely care about me?"

"Undoubtedly, Sir," Jarvis affirmed. "There is no trace of malice or
deception in their essence. Their affection for you is... profound."

Tony swallowed hard, the sensation foreign in his tiny throat. He had
known love before---from Pepper, from Rhodey, even from Peter. But this
was different. It was primal, unconditional, a bond forged in the very
moment of his rebirth.

He lay there, absorbing their presence, their love washing over him like
a warm wave. He was surrounded by outdated equipment, in a world decades
removed from the one he knew, but in that moment, none of that mattered.
He was safe, he was loved, and he was... home.

A nurse entered the room, her uniform a simple, pale blue dress and
white cap, a stark contrast to the modern scrubs Tony was accustomed to.
She carried a metal clipboard, her expression professional but kind. She
glanced at Tony, then at Lily and Evan.

"How are we doing this morning?" she asked, her voice gentle.

"He's wonderful," Lily said, her gaze never leaving Tony's face. "He's
just... perfect."

Evan nodded, his hand still resting gently beside Tony. "He's a
fighter," he added, a hint of pride in his voice.

The nurse smiled. "Well, newborns are certainly resilient. We'll keep an
eye on him, of course. Just let us know if you have any concerns." She
made a few notes on her clipboard, her movements efficient and
practiced.

Tony's focus remained on his mother's face. Her eyes, a warm shade of
green, held an intensity that both calmed and intrigued him. They held
secrets, he could tell, but for now, they were focused solely on him,
filled with an overwhelming love. For the first time since... well,
since he could remember, Tony felt a sense of peace. He was no longer
Tony Stark, billionaire genius, or Iron Man, savior of the universe. He
was simply... their son.

As the day progressed, Tony observed his new parents. Evan, a man of few
words but boundless affection, would often sit by the bedside, simply
watching him. His calloused hands, rough from years of working in the
local factory, would gently trace the outline of Tony's tiny hand, a
silent promise of protection and love. Lily, on the other hand, was more
expressive, her voice a constant stream of gentle whispers and loving
coos. She would sing soft lullabies, her voice soothing and melodic, and
Tony found himself strangely comforted by the unfamiliar tunes.

One afternoon, while Evan was out getting them lunch from the hospital
cafeteria, Lily held Tony close, rocking him gently. He could feel the
soft rise and fall of her chest, the steady beat of her heart.

"You have your father's eyes," she whispered, her voice filled with
love. "And I pray you have his kindness, too." She paused, a shadow
passing over her face. "But... you have a spark in you, little one. A
spark I haven't seen in a long time." She looked down at him, her green
eyes searching his. "I hope it never fades."

Tony, though unable to understand the full weight of her words, felt a
strange connection to her at that moment. He felt the depth of her love,
but also a hint of sadness, a secret she held close to her heart.
