---
title: Chapter 70
chapter_number: 00070
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Gathering of Eagles**

The first rays of dawn were just beginning to paint the sky a soft shade
of grey when the distinct *crack* of Apparition echoed outside the
Miller household. Elara, who had barely moved from the telephone since
making the call, felt a surge of relief wash over her. Help had arrived.

But before the Aurors arrived, Elara and Lily had acted quickly. Knowing
the potential consequences of MACUSA's involvement with No-Majs, they
had explained the situation to the Millers and Evan, stressing the
importance of their temporary absence. They concocted a quick story
about needing to stay with relatives for a few days due to a sudden
"plumbing emergency" at the house -- a believable enough excuse in the
Muggle world. The Millers, still shaken from the previous night's
events, readily agreed, packing a few essentials and leaving with Evan
in Mr. Miller's car just minutes before the Aurors were due to arrive.
Ms. Ramirez, however, was adamant about staying to help in any way she
could. Elara and Lily reluctantly agreed, understanding her concern but
ensuring she remained out of sight when the Aurors arrived.

Two figures materialized on the front lawn, their dark robes swirling
around them as they landed gracefully. They were Aurors, Elara
recognized, their wands held loosely but ready at their sides. One was a
tall, imposing woman with sharp features and a no-nonsense demeanor.
Elara recognised her with a sigh of relief, it was her contact, Auror
Hawthorne. The other was a younger man, his face earnest and focused.

Elara opened the door before they could even knock, a small, weary smile
gracing her lips. "Hawthorne," she greeted, relief evident in her voice.
"Thank you for coming so quickly."

"Elara," Hawthorne replied, her expression softening slightly as she met
Elara's gaze. "When Dubois said it was you, I knew it was serious.
What's the situation?"

Elara quickly summarized the events of the previous night, focusing on
the kidnapping and the magical nature of the attackers. She carefully
omitted any mention of the Millers or Evan, sticking to the story she
had crafted during the call. "They took Tony and Eleanor," she
explained, her voice trembling slightly. "We believe they were targeted
for their... unique abilities."

Auror Hawthorne's expression remained impassive, but Elara could see the
wheels turning in her mind. "And you have reason to believe this was a
magically motivated attack?"

"Yes," Elara confirmed, gesturing to the lingering magical residue in
the air. "There's residual magic here, consistent with powerful stunning
spells and other offensive enchantments."

Lily stepped forward, holding up one of the receivers. "Tony created
these devices," she explained. "They allow us to communicate with them
remotely." She then activated the device and the Aurors were able to
hear the rhythmic pulse.

"We also have another lead," Lily continued. "Eleanor has the ability of
premonition. She had a vision of where they might be held---a large
warehouse, near the docks." She produced a sketch Eleanor had made, a
surprisingly detailed rendering of a large, industrial building.

Auror Hawthorne took the sketch, examining it closely. "This is...
remarkable," she commented, clearly impressed by the level of detail.
"This will be invaluable in our search. We'll focus our initial efforts
on warehouses matching this description in the dock areas." She looked
at Lily. "This communication device is also very helpful. However..."

"Actually," Lily interjected, "Tony designed these devices to do more
than just communicate. With three or more receivers, we can also
triangulate their location."

Auror Hawthorne exchanged a look with Auror Vance, a flicker of surprise
crossing her face. "That's... quite ingenious," she commented. "If you
can provide us with the readings from the other receivers, we can
pinpoint their location much more efficiently."

While the Aurors worked on pinpointing the warehouse's location, Elara
and Lily continued to monitor the signal from Tony and Eleanor's
devices. They managed to establish brief, coded contact several times,
relaying information back and forth.

*They're in a large open space,* Tony's mental message came through,
encoded in a simple series of numbers. *Concrete floor, metal crates.
There's an office area at the far end.*

*Six of them,* Eleanor added in another message. *Their magic is very
controlled, very disciplined.*

The most crucial information came through piecemeal, fragments of
conversations overheard by Tony and Eleanor and relayed through the
devices.

*They mentioned something called the Directorate,* Tony's message was
cautious. *They said they're arriving in a week.*

A few moments later, another message arrived, this time from Eleanor.
*They're not just some rogue wizards. They're connected to the No-Maj
government. They're funding research into magic, using... acquired
subjects.*

Then came the most disturbing revelation: *They're taking children.
Underage magical children. Hiding them, using the No-Maj government's
resources to cover it up.*

Then came a final, chilling message from Tony: *Mom, even if you manage
to get us out of here, please understand, this isn\'t over. The
Directorate... they\'re too big. Too powerful. They won't just let this
go. They could come after you, Elara, even the Millers. For your own
safety, you need to leave the country. I know it's a lot to ask, but
it's the only way to be truly safe.*

Elara relayed these messages to Auror Hawthorne, her voice shaking with
barely suppressed anger. The Aurors' reactions were immediate and
visceral. Auror Vance's hand tightened around his wand, his knuckles
turning white. Auror Hawthorne's expression hardened, her eyes flashing
with a cold fury.

"The No-Maj government... involved in this?" she said, her voice low and
dangerous. "Kidnapping magical children? Using them for research?"

"This changes everything," Auror Vance said, his voice grim. "The
Scourers are in direct violation of the Statute of Secrecy by working
with No-Majs and exposing magic. This is... unspeakable."

"This isn't just a kidnapping," Auror Hawthorne said, her voice now
ringing with authority. "This is a serious breach of magical law, and a
direct threat to the secrecy of our world."

With the warehouse location pinpointed and the shocking information from
Tony and Eleanor, the Aurors' focus shifted dramatically. This was no
longer just a rescue mission; it was a counter-offensive against a
deeply entrenched and dangerous enemy.

Auror Hawthorne gathered the other Aurors who had arrived as backup,
spreading a detailed map of the warehouse on the living room table.
"Alright," she began, her voice crisp and commanding, but now with an
edge of steel. "We've pinpointed the location. It's an abandoned
warehouse near Pier 42. We believe there are six Scourers currently
holding two individuals captive. Intelligence -- *vital intelligence* --
suggests the Directorate, a clandestine organization with deep ties to
the No-Maj government, will be arriving in one week. They are conducting
illegal research on magical subjects, including children. Our plan is to
execute the raid on the night of their arrival. This will give us the
best chance to apprehend everyone involved, and expose their operation."

She outlined the plan in detail, assigning specific roles to each Auror,
detailing entry points, containment strategies, and extraction
procedures. The tension in the room was palpable as the Aurors listened
intently, their faces grim and determined. The stakes had been raised
considerably.

Auror Hawthorne finished her briefing, her gaze sweeping across the
faces of her team. "Any questions?" she asked.

A few hands went up, and she addressed each question with precision and
clarity. When the last question was answered, she nodded firmly.

"Alright," she said, her voice ringing with authority. "Vance, you'll be
leading the initial reconnaissance team. Establish surveillance around
Pier 42. We need to know everything that goes in and out of that
warehouse. The rest of us will begin preparations for the operation. We
move in one week from tonight."

The Aurors moved quickly and efficiently, disappearing one by one with
sharp *cracks* of Apparition. Elara and Lily were left in the quiet
house, the weight of anticipation and now a sense of grim determination
hanging heavy in the air. The preparations for the rescue operation, now
a full-scale counter-operation, had begun.

Lily, however, was also grappling with Tony's warning. His words echoed
in her mind: *"Mom, even if you manage to get us out of here, please
understand, this isn\'t over. The Directorate... they\'re too big. Too
powerful. They won't just let this go. They could come after you, Elara,
even the Millers. For your own safety, you need to leave the country. I
know it's a lot to ask, but it's the only way to be truly safe."* She
thought of the Millers, of Evan, of the life they had built here.
Leaving would mean uprooting everything, but Tony's tone had been grave,
filled with genuine fear. She knew he wouldn't say such a thing lightly.

A thought sparked in her mind. Her family had ancestral properties in
the UK, a manor house that had been in her family for generations. It
had been unoccupied for years, but it was still there, a safe haven if
they needed it. She resolved to speak with Elara, Evan, and the Millers
after the rescue operation. If Tony was right, they needed a plan, a way
out. The quiet house, once a haven of peace, now felt like a temporary
shelter in the face of a looming storm.
