---
title: Chapter 23
chapter_number: 23
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **Chapter 23: Shadows of the Past**

*Past*

The house was quiet, the only sound the gentle ticking of a clock
somewhere downstairs. Eleanor lay in her new bed, the soft sheets a
stark contrast to the rough blankets she was used to. But even the
comfort couldn\'t keep the shadows away.

She drifted into a fitful sleep, and the shadows crept in, twisting the
familiar room into a place of fear. Fragments of memories flashed before
her eyes: Mr. Harrigan's angry face, Mrs. Harrigan's sharp words, the
cold, empty feeling in her stomach. A hand roughly grabbing her arm, the
smell of stale cigarettes, the echoing silence after a door slammed. She
saw herself cowering in a corner, her doll clutched tightly to her
chest, her heart pounding like a drum.

She woke with a start, a scream caught in her throat. Her breath came in
ragged gasps, and tears streamed down her face. The room was dark, but
the shadows of the nightmare still lingered.

The door opened, and Mrs. Miller rushed in, her face etched with
concern. Mr. Miller was right behind her. "Eleanor, honey, what's
wrong?" Mrs. Miller asked, her voice soft.

Eleanor couldn't speak. She just shook her head, her body trembling. She
didn't want to talk about it. She didn't want to relive the fear.

Mr. Miller sat on the edge of the bed and gently put an arm around her.
"It was just a bad dream," he said softly. "You're safe now."

But Eleanor didn't feel safe. The shadows of the past were still too
real, too close. She buried her face in her pillow, her sobs muffled.

Mrs. Miller sat on the other side of the bed and gently stroked
Eleanor's hair. "It's okay, sweetheart," she whispered. "We're here."

Seeing Eleanor's distress, Mrs. Miller gently lay down beside her on the
bed, pulling the blanket up around both of them. She didn't press for
details, just held Eleanor close, offering the warmth and comfort of a
motherly embrace. Eleanor, stiff at first, slowly relaxed into the
embrace, the warmth and gentle rhythm of Mrs. Miller's breathing a small
comfort in the darkness. She hadn't been held like this in a long time,
hadn't felt this sense of safety and unconditional love. The tears
continued to flow, but they were no longer solely tears of fear. There
was a hint of relief in them too, a release of the pent-up emotions she
had been holding inside for so long.

After a while, the sobs subsided, and Eleanor's breathing evened out.
Mrs. Miller continued to hold her close, whispering soothing words until
Eleanor drifted back to sleep, this time a more peaceful sleep.

The next morning, Ms. Ramirez came to visit. She sat with Eleanor in the
living room, the sunlight streaming in through the window, making the
room feel warm and bright.

"The Millers told me you had a bad dream last night," Ms. Ramirez said
gently.

Eleanor looked down at her hands, twisting the fabric of her doll's
dress. She nodded silently.

"Sometimes, when we've been through difficult things, we have
nightmares," Ms. Ramirez continued, her voice soft and understanding.
"It's our mind's way of trying to process what happened. But it's
important to remember that it's just a dream. You're safe now."

Eleanor looked up at her, her eyes filled with uncertainty.

Later that day, Mr. Miller tried to engage Eleanor in a simple activity.
He brought out a board game, a colorful game with dice and little
plastic pieces.

"Want to play a game with me, Eleanor?" he asked, his voice warm and
inviting.

Eleanor hesitated, then nodded slowly. She sat across from him at the
kitchen table, her eyes fixed on the game board.

Mr. Miller patiently explained the rules, and Eleanor, though hesitant
at first, started to play. She was quiet and reserved, but she followed
the game and even managed a small smile when she won a turn. Ms.
Ramirez, who was visiting again, observed from the side, offering the
Millers small nods of encouragement. After they finished playing, Ms.
Ramirez pulled the Millers aside and gave them some more advice on how
to connect to Eleanor.

That evening, Eleanor sat at the dining table with the Millers and Ms.
Ramirez. The atmosphere was tense. Mr. Miller, trying to understand
Eleanor's past, gently asked her about her previous foster homes.

Eleanor felt a knot of anxiety tightening in her stomach. She didn't
want to talk about it. She didn't want to remember.

As Mr. Miller continued to speak, the overhead light in the dining room
began to flicker erratically, dimming and brightening repeatedly.

Mr. Miller chuckled nervously. "These old bulbs," he said. "They always
do that. I should replace them one of these days."

But Ms. Ramirez's gaze was fixed on Eleanor. She noticed the way
Eleanor's hands were trembling, the way her eyes were darting around the
room. She also noticed that the flickering had started just as Mr.
Miller began asking about her previous foster homes. She made a mental
note of it, a growing unease settling in her mind.

*Present Day*

The memory of the flickering light, the tense silence around the
Miller's dining table, faded as the school bell rang, jolting Eleanor
back to the present. The classroom was abuzz with activity. The teacher,
Mr. Davies, was asking a question about the solar system. Hands shot up
in the air, eager to answer. Except for Eleanor. She sat quietly at her
desk, her gaze fixed on her textbook, a faint echo of the anxiety from
the memory still lingering.

Tony, sitting next to her, noticed she was whispering something to
herself. He leaned closer and realized she was reciting the answer to
Mr. Davies' question.

"Psst, Eleanor," he whispered. "You know the answer. Raise your hand."

Eleanor looked at him, her eyes wide with surprise. She shook her head
quickly.

"It's okay," Tony whispered encouragingly. "Mr. Davies won't bite."

Hesitantly, Eleanor raised her hand. Mr. Davies smiled and called on
her. Eleanor, her voice barely above a whisper, gave the correct answer.

"Very good, Eleanor!" Mr. Davies said, his voice warm and encouraging.

Tony gave her a thumbs-up, and Eleanor managed a small, shy smile.

But then, Mr. Davies raised his voice slightly to get the class's
attention again, and something shifted in Eleanor's eyes. A fleeting
image flashed through her mind: Mr. Harrigan's face, contorted with
anger, his voice booming. She flinched, shrinking back in her seat, her
eyes wide with fear.

Tony noticed her reaction and looked at her with concern. "Eleanor? Are
you okay?" he whispered.

Eleanor didn't answer right away. Her breath was coming in short,
shallow gasps, and she kept her gaze fixed on her desk, as if trying to
disappear into the wood grain. She blinked rapidly, as if trying to
dispel the image of Mr. Harrigan from her mind. Finally, she gave a
small, almost imperceptible nod, but didn't look at Tony.

He hesitated for a moment, unsure what to do. He could see the fear
still lingering in her eyes, and he wanted to help, but he didn't want
to push her. He decided to give her some space. He turned his attention
back to Mr. Davies, but kept a close eye on Eleanor, a quiet worry
settling in his heart. The bell rang shortly after, signaling the end of
class, and Eleanor quickly gathered her things and hurried out of the
room, avoiding eye contact with Tony. He watched her go, a frown
creasing his brow. He knew something was wrong, and he was determined to
find out what it was.
