---
title: Chapter 41
chapter_number: 00041
novel: forged_in_infinity
layout: chapter
---

# **The Magical Journal**

Eleanor returned quickly, a small, spiral-bound notebook clutched in her
hands. It was a simple notebook, the cover a plain, faded blue, but to
Tony, it suddenly felt like a vessel of immense potential.

"Here it is," she said, handing it to him. "It's just... my old drawing
notebook. But there are still lots of blank pages."

"Perfect," Tony said, taking the notebook. He flipped it open to a clean
page. *This is officially... The Magical Journal,* he thought.

*"A record of our endeavors," Jarvis observed internally. "A prudent
measure."*

He looked at Eleanor, who was watching him with wide, expectant eyes.
"So," he began, "what do you think we should write down?"

"I don't know," Eleanor admitted. "What do you usually write in a
journal?"

"Well," Tony said, considering, "usually you write the date and time.
And then... what happened. What you were thinking, how you were
feeling."

"Okay," Eleanor said, nodding. "So... today's date... and then... 'First
Magical Practice'?"

"Sounds good," Tony agreed. He wrote the date and "First Magical
Practice" at the top of the page. "Then, maybe we should write down what
we're trying to do. Like... 'Visualization Exercise: Twig.'"

He wrote that down as well, then looked at Eleanor. "And then... what
happened? Did the twig move? How did it feel?"

"It... it just trembled a little," Eleanor said, remembering the
sensation. "Like... a little shiver. And I felt a tingle in my fingers."

Tony wrote down her description, trying to capture the essence of her
experience. *"A tactile sensation accompanying the attempted telekinetic
effect," Jarvis noted. "A valuable data point."*

"Maybe we should also write down how we felt," Tony suggested to
Eleanor. "Like... were you nervous? Excited? Frustrated?"

"I was... nervous at first," Eleanor said. "But then... when I felt
it... I was really excited."

Tony wrote that down as well. *"The psychological aspect should not be
underestimated," Jarvis commented. "Emotional state can significantly
influence magical ability."*

"Okay," Tony said, looking over the page. "So, we have the date, the
time, what we tried to do, what happened, and how we felt. That seems
like a good start."

*"I concur," Jarvis stated. "However, I would recommend a more
structured approach to categorization. A system for classifying magical
effects would facilitate future analysis."*

*"Categorize it?" Tony thought. "How do you mean?"*

*"We could classify it as 'telekinesis' for moving objects with the
mind, 'pyrokinesis' for creating fire, and so on," Jarvis explained. "A
rudimentary system, but it would allow us to track our progress more
efficiently."*

Tony paused, considering Jarvis's suggestion. Then, he spoke to Eleanor.
"We should also give each type of magic a name," he said. "Like...
'telekinesis' for moving things with your mind."

"Tele... what?" Eleanor asked, tilting her head.

"Telekinesis," Tony repeated. "It's a fancy word for moving things with
your mind. Like... what we're trying to do with the twig."

"Oh," Eleanor said. "Okay. So... this is telekinesis?"

"Yeah," Tony said. He wrote "Telekinesis" in the journal, next to
"Visualization Exercise: Twig."

*"Recording the specific parameters of each attempt is also crucial,"
Jarvis noted. "Distance, weight, duration of the effect..."*

*"We're working with a twig and a pebble, Jarvis," Tony thought. "Let's
not get too carried away with the scientific method just yet."*

"Okay," Tony said to Eleanor. "Let's try it again. The visualization
exercise. And this time, we'll write down everything that happens."

They repeated the exercise, with Eleanor closing her eyes and focusing
on the twig. This time, Tony paid close attention to her reactions,
noting down every small detail in the journal: the way she furrowed her
brow, the slight twitch of her fingers, the way her breathing changed.

The twig still only trembled slightly, but this time, Eleanor seemed
more focused, more connected to the process.

*"Observable improvement in focus and concentration," Jarvis analyzed.
"Progress is being made."*

After a few more attempts, they decided to move on to something else.
Tony picked up a small pebble from the porch floor. "Okay," he said,
"this time, I'm going to try to move this pebble. Just a little. And
we'll write down exactly what I do."

He concentrated on the pebble, visualizing it lifting into the air. He
focused on the energy within him, feeling it flowing through his arm and
into his hand. He slowly opened his hand, and the pebble lifted
slightly, hovering a few inches above his palm before gently falling
back down.

He wrote down everything in the journal: the visualization technique he
used, the sensation he felt, the result. *"A successful demonstration of
telekinetic ability," Jarvis noted. "Although the magnitude of the
effect was minimal, it serves as a valuable baseline."*

They continued like this for a while, experimenting with small movements
and documenting everything in the journal. As the afternoon drew to a
close, they looked over their work, the pages filled with notes,
descriptions, and observations.

"Wow," Eleanor said, a wide smile on her face. "We actually did it. We
have a magical journal."

"We do," Tony said, returning her smile. He felt a sense of
accomplishment, a feeling that they were truly embarking on something
special.

*"A promising beginning," Jarvis concluded. "Continued practice and
diligent record-keeping will be essential for future development."*

"So," Eleanor said, "when can we practice again?"

"Soon," Tony promised. "Very soon." He closed the journal, feeling the
weight of it in his hands. It was more than just a notebook. It was a
record of their journey, a testament to their shared secret, and a
promise of the magic they were just beginning to uncover. He knew that
this was just the beginning of their magical journey, and he was excited
to see where it would lead them.
